HP Computer Monitors  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer HP Monitors HP Monitors For meetings, gaming, and everything in between. Find the monitor that is right for you. View all monitors Work From Home Gaming Everyday Creating Learn From Home Finance, Data & Engineering Work From Home Gaming Everyday Creating Learn From Home Finance, Data & Engineering Work From Home Optimized for video conferencing to make you look and sound great Optimized for video conferencing to make you look and sound great Starting at $344.00 Shop all work from home monitors Integrated webcam with mics USB-C® connection Advanced ergonomics 34 inch HP E34m G4 WQHD Curved USB-C Conferencing Monitor All you need to conference with ease. Specs Shop 27 inch HP E27m G4 QHD USB-C Conferencing Monitor Connect with confidence. Conference with ease. Specs Shop 23.8 inch HP E24m G4 FHD USB-C Conferencing Monitor Present your best self. Specs Shop 23.8 inch HP E24mv G4 FHD Conferencing Monitor Look great and sound great with a built-in camera and speakers. Specs Shop Gaming High refresh rates for smooth and fast on-screen visuals Gaming High refresh rates for smooth and fast on-screen visuals Starting at $529.99 Shop all gaming monitors Fast refresh rates Up to 1MS Response time OMEN Gaming Hub 27 inch OMEN 27u 4K Gaming Monitor Incredible for Consoles. Incredible for PCs. Specs Shop Everyday From noon til night, these screens were made for streaming13 From noon til night, these screens were made for streaming13 Starting at $432.00 Shop all everyday monitors High resolution Ultrawide screens All the ports you need 27 inch HP E27 G5 FHD Monitor Nothing between you and your best with fitting visuals, comfort, and flexibility. Specs Shop 23.8 inch HP P24h G5 FHD Monitor Everyday productivity. Specs Shop Learn From Home Simply connect and see more of what matters most Simply connect and see more of what matters most Starting at $169.99 Shop all learn from home monitors Easy setup All the ports you need Works with Chrome & Mac® 27 inch HP V27i G5 FHD Monitor Expand your view and productvity when working or learning. Specs Shop Features & Innovations Video conferencing Immersive screens Ergonomics & wellbeing Resolution quality Video conferencing Look and sound great on every call with an integrated 5MP webcam with mics and built-in speakers. Learn Curved screens Two monitors are better than one. Unless you have an ultrawide curved monitor which can increase productivity by up to 33% over a laptop.7 Learn Dual screens A dual external monitor set-up unleashes more screen real estate for easy multi-tasking and keeping an eye on critical information – increasing productivity by 31% over a laptop.7 Learn HP Eye Ease Protect your eyes with HP Eye Ease with EyeSafe® Certification11 always-on blue-light filter that doesn’t impact color accuracy. Four-way adjustability Four-way adjustability (height, pivot, tilt and swivel) lets you work comfortably to help alleviate neck and back pain Understanding resolution The higher the resolution, the more pixels, and that means more crisp, detailed images. It also means you can have more content on screen, because you can reduce the size of the content and still see all the detail. Check out our iguana below to compare. 4K 4K The Ultimate Experience Get more content on your screen with four times higher resolution than FHD. You’ll get extremely crisp detail even with content at smaller sizes, making this perfect for creative design work and complex graphs, spreadsheets and CAD drawings. Pixels Learn Image Detail Learn Viewable Content Learn QHD (QUAD HD) QHD (QUAD HD) Outstanding Detail Quad HD is the sweet spot for most users and is perfect if you want to see more detail than FHD for editing photos and videos or gaming. Pixels Learn Image Detail Learn Viewable Content Learn FHD (FULL HD) FHD (FULL HD) Everyday Excellence The most popular resolution, this is ideally suited for everyday office work, homework and watching videos. Pixels Learn Image Detail Learn Viewable Content Learn Pixels 3840 x 2160 means you get 8,294,400 pixels of detail on screen. Image Detail With four times the resolution of Full HD, 4K provides the ultimate viewing experience with the highest levels of sharpness, detail and clarity. Viewable Content 4K allows you to see your content in incredible detail, even at smaller sizes, because of the pixel density. Compared to FHD, 4K allows you to see 30 extra columns of a spreadsheet in the same space with the same clarity. You can see 300% more of an image, and you can fit more apps on screen without losing clarity. Pixels 1920 x 1080 means you get 2,073,600 pixels of detail on screen. Image Detail FHD has become the baseline for image quality. Ideal for everyday projects, image details are sharp and clear. Viewable Content The higher the resolution, the more content you can see on your screen. With more pixels, you can make your content smaller in size and still see with the clarity you need. With FHD, you get enough resolution to comfortably see multiple apps on screen for multitasking. Pixels 2560 x 1440 means you get 3,686,400 pixels of detail on screen. Image Detail With twice as many pixels as FHD, QHD delivers a more detailed and realistic viewing experience. Viewable Content QHD allows you to see more content on screen than FHD because it provides more pixel detail. You can make your apps smaller on screen and still have the clarity you need. This allows more apps on screen, 15 more excel columns, and more multitasking. HP Services and Extended Coverage For the unexpected, big or small, find the help you need at home. Extend your PC coverage with HP Care Packs and get answers to your tech questions with HP SmartFriend. Learn about HP SmartFriend Learn about HP Care Pack Explore HP Products Docks Bags & Cases Keyboards Power Mice Business Laptops Footnotes and disclaimers *Prices shown for each product category are lowest configuration prices available from U.S. HP.com directly and before any available promotions or discounts. Pricing will vary by configuration within each product category. HP.com prices are subject to change without notice and all products are subject to current availability. Percentage of ocean-bound plastic contained in each component varies by product. 100% outer box/corrugate cushion packaging made from sustainably sourced certified and recycled fibers. Fiber cushions made from 100% recycled wood fiber and organic material. Any plastic cushions are made from >90% recycled plastic. Excludes plastic bags and plastic foam sheeting. Based on HP's internal analysis. Monitor’s 85% post-consumer recycled plastic content consists of 5% ocean bound plastic materials by weight. All performance specifications represent the typical specifications provided by HP's component manufacturers; actual performance may vary either higher or lower. Recycled plastic content percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT standard. Display contains 5% ocean-bound plastics, the equivalent of more than four 16 oz. recycled plastic water bottles. Calculation based on grams per product (using 12.7 grams per 16.9 ounce). Based on time required to complete 2-3 tasks using MSFT Word, Excel, and PowerPoint vs using a laptop only (ASL Productivity Study, October 2019). Source PC must have a USB-C® or USB-A connector. PC connection to the display through USC® is only supported up to 65 Watts power delivery. 4K content required to view full 4K images. Internet service required and not included. Eyesafe® Display for Low Blue Light is the Display Compliance Test Specification quality. See https://eyesafe.com/ for more details. WQHD content required to view full WQHD images. FHD content required to view full FHD images. Quad HD content required to view full Quad HD images. FreeSync™ Premium Pro is only available when it is connected on Display Port or HDMI with HDR capabilities and game support. FreeSync is an AMD® technology is enabled on FHD. QHD and HDR displays. HDR does not require HDR monitors; driver can be set in native mode when FreeSync Premium Pro supported content is detected. Otherwise. HDR content requires that the system be configured with a fully HDR-ready content chain. Mandatory low framerate compensation and at least 120Hz refresh rate, AMD Radeon Graphics and/or AMD A-Series APU-compliant monitors with DisplayPort/HDMI Adaptive-Sync required. AMD 15.11 Crimson driver (or newer) required to support FreeSync over HDMI. Adaptive refresh rates vary by monitor. More information is available at www.amd.com/freesync.. FreeSync™ Premium is only available when it is connected on Display Port or HDMI. FreeSync is an AMD® technology is enabled on FHD or QHD. Mandatory low framerate compensation and at least 120Hz refresh rate, AMD Radeon Graphics and/or AMD A-Series APU-compliant monitors with DisplayPort/HDMI Adaptive-Sync required. AMD 15.11 Crimson driver (or newer) required to support FreeSync over HDMI. Adaptive refresh rates vary by monitor. More information is available at www.amd.com/freesync.. Supports Adaptive-sync with NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics cards and AMD Radeon graphics cards. FreeSync™ certified. Compatible with NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 10 series, GTX 16 series and newer graphics cards. HP Eye Ease hardware that does not impact color accuracy used with Eyesafe. Eyesafe® certified website: https://eyesafe.com/ FreeSync™ Premium Pro is only available when it is connected on Display Port or HDMI 2.1. FreeSync is an AMD® technology is enabled on FHD, QHD and UHD. Supports 48-144Hz refresh rate, AMD Radeon Graphics and/or AMD A-Series APU-compliant monitors with DisplayPort/HDMI Adaptive-Sync required. AMD 15.11 Crimson driver (or newer) required to support FreeSync over HDMI. Adaptive refresh rates vary by monitor. More information is available at www.amd.com/freesync. According to HP's internal analysis on the size difference of the last generation P Series and the HP P22h G5, P24h G5, and P27h G5. Based on US EPEAT® registration according to IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT®. EPEAT® status varies by country. Visit www.epeat.net for more information ITE Derived Closed Loop Plastic percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 standard. AMD compatible graphics card required. For KVM compatibility, if connected PCs do not have USB-C® port, user will need a USB-C® to A cable. Sold separately. For full Thunderbolt™ 4 functionality, host PC must support Thunderbolt™ 4. All performance specifications represent the typical specifications provided by HP's component. Ergonomic Setup Guide is available through HP Display Center. Host PC requires Windows 10 or higher. HP Display Center is available on the Microsoft store. HP Display Manager software agent must be running on a web server and host PC. Some limitations may apply to legacy monitors. Extended ecosystem sold separately. AC Power cable, HDMI 1.4 cable, DisplayPort™ 1.2 cable, and USB 3.0 A-B cable included. All other cables sold separately. Recycled/Renewable materials made up of 85% ITE, 4.5% Ocean Bound Plastics, and 0.5% coffee grounds. Recycled plastic content percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT standard. HP defines renewable according to the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards. Recycled metal is expressed as a percentage of the total weight of the metal according to ISO 14021 definitions for metal parts over 25 grams. Display contains 5% ocean-bound plastics, the equivalent of more than four 16 oz. recycled plastic water bottles. Calculation based on grams per product (using 12.7 grams per 16.9 ounce “single serve” bottled water container) multiplied by projected shipment volumes/ 12.7 grams The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?