Elite Family  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer HP Elite Family Engineered to take on your most demanding projects. Powered up and ready to go with enterprise-class secured performance in your choice of form factors, allowing you to collaborate effortlessly and seamlessly transition, wherever work happens. Win11 core i7 Are you Windows 11 ready? Our current Windows-based PCs will be ready for a FREE upgrade to Windows 11 when it’s available.* Learn Uniquely designed to enable collaboration experiences for new hybrid work styles HP recommends Windows 11 Pro for Business.* Design Uniquely designed to enable collaboration experiences for new hybrid work styles. Security Self-healing, hardware-enforced with HP Wolf security solutions24 embedded in each Elite product. Performance Highly responsive with a selection of powerful processors1,2 for your most demanding projects. Exquisite craftsmanship Intentional selection of quality materials to match your workstyle. View the collection Intel Laptops AMD Laptops Elite Convertibles & Detachables Elite Desktops & All-in-One Collaboration products Intel Laptops Evolving line of Elite PCs from the corporate standard to the exclusive Elite Dragonfly series all backed by HP Wolf Security for Business. EliteBook 800 Series Beautifully designed, secure, and manageable, with powerful collaboration tools to keep you productive anywhere. 13.3”, 14” and 15.6” diagonal display options The latest Gen Intel® Core™ processor1 Distinctive ultra-slim aluminum design Enterprise-level security and manageability Learn Shop EliteBook 840 14.0” EliteBook 850 15.6” Elite x360 PCs Thin, light, and ultra-portable, with four use modes to get work done and share content virtually anywhere. 13.3” & 14” diagonal display options 360 degree hinge Write and draw with optional HP Rechargeable Active Pen3 HP’s most secure PCs9 Learn Shop AMD Laptops Built to seamlessly fit into Enterprise IT, HP AMD-based Elitebooks are the gold standard for corporate with enhanced collaboration plus performance and battery life, all backed by HP Wolf Security. Elite Convertibles & Detachables Powerful, precision-crafted, and versatile PCs that adapt to the way you get life done. Elite x2 Unleash your creativity with full PC performance and the freedom of a tablet. 13” or 12.3” diagonal display options HP Privacy Cameras6 (front & rear) Detachable design Premium sound by Bang & Olufsen Learn Shop Elite Dragonfly Beautifully designed, ultralight PC with an iridescent, dragonfly blue finish. Lighter than air New Iridescent Blue Stay connected with optional gigabit-class 5G LTE3,7 Ultralight and small; starting less than 1kg8 Learn Shop Elite Desktops & All-in-One Power through complex workloads with enterprise-class performance and security features, in your choice of form factors. EliteDesk 800 Series Powered up and ready to go with enterprise-class performance in your choice of form factors and VR ready options. Desktop mini, Small Form Factor, and Tower options Choice of the latest optional 10th Gen Intel® Core™ processors1 or AMD Ryzen™ PRO 4000 series processors2 HP’s most secure and manageable Desktops9 Powerful performance to get your business VR ready19 Learn Shop EliteDesk 800 Mini EliteDesk 800 SFF EliteOne 800 All-in-One Compliment the style of your office with a sleek design, serious performance and engaging collaboration. 23.8” and 27” diagonal display, optional touch18 Dual facing 5MP pop-up camera, optional IR camera3 up to 10thGen Intel® Core™ processor1 and high-end VR capable graphics3,19 Choice of recline stand, height-adjustable stand, or VESA compatible mount3 Learn Shop Collaboration products A better way to see, hear, and share—whether you are in the room or not. Elite Slice Simplify meetings with stress-free setup and an intuitive interface. Conferencing with Zoom Rooms12 or Microsoft Teams Rooms13 software options One-touch Center of Room Control HP Sure Start14 with premium physical security features Learn Shop Simplify modern management of HP PCs HP Connect for Microsoft Endpoint Manager22 helps shorten the time to deploy firmware updates of HP PCs managed by Microsoft Endpoint Manager. Learn Easy to use BIOS configuration Easy to use BIOS configuration Push IT-approved BIOS settings during initial setup that are enforced over the PC’s lifecycle, and that can be remotely changed by IT as needed.22 No password required No password required Remotely enable HP Sure Admin23 “no-password required” BIOS security mechanisms by sending the required authentication certificates to the device. Automate BIOS updates Automate BIOS updates Set policies for when and how HP BIOS firmware will be updated - without any manual interaction by the end-user. PROTECTED BY HP WOLF SECURITY HP Wolf Security for Business creates a hardware-enforced, always-on, resilient defense.24 Learn Disclaimer The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Intel is a trademark of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers and/or software to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows 10 is automatically updated, which is always enabled. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com *Upgrade timing may vary by device. Features and app availability may vary by region. Certain features require specific hardware (see aka.ms/windows11-spec ). Multicore is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering, branding and/or naming is not a measurement of higher performance. Intel® Quad Core™ processors are optional based on different products. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. AMD’s numbering is not a measurement of clock speed. AMD Quad Core™ processors are optional based on different products. Sold separately or as an optional feature. Recharges your battery up to 50% within 30 minutes when the system is off or in standby mode. Power adapter with a minimum capacity of 65 watts is required. After charging has reached 50% capacity, charging will return to normal. Charging time may vary +/-10% due to System tolerance. HP Sure View integrated privacy screen is an optional feature available. HP Privacy Camera only available on PCs equipped with HD or IR camera and must be installed at the factory. 5G module has an expected availability of March 2021 and is an optional feature that must be configured at purchase. AT&T and T-Mobile networks supported in the U.S. Module designed for 5G networks as carriers deploy Evolved-Universal Terrestrial Radio Access New Radio Dual Connectivity (ENDC) with both 100Mhz of 5G NR and LTE channel bandwidth, using 256QAM 4x4 as defined by 3GPP, requires activation and separately purchased service contract. Check with service provider for coverage and availability in your area. Connection, upload and download speeds will vary due to network, location, environment, network conditions, and other factors. 5G not available on all products, in all regions. Backwards compatible to 4G LTE and 3G HSPA technologies. 5G module planned to be available in select countries, where carrier supported. Starting weight less than 1kg is only available in certain configurations. Based on HP’s unique and comprehensive security capabilities at no additional cost and HP’s Manageability Integration Kit’s management of every aspect of a PC including hardware, BIOS and software management using Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager on HP Elite PCs with Windows and 8th Gen and higher Intel® processors or AMD Ryzen™ 4000 processors and higher; HP ProDesk 600 G6 with Intel® 10th Gen and higher processors; and HP ProBook 600 with AMD Ryzen™ 4000 or Intel® 11th Gen processors and higher. Intel® Optane™ memory is sold separately. Intel® Optane™ memory system acceleration does not replace or increase the DRAM in your system. Available for HP commercial desktops and notebooks and for select HP workstations (HP Z240 Tower/SFF, Z2 Mini, ZBook Studio, 15 and 17 G5) and requires a SATA HDD, 7th Gen or higher Intel® Core™ processor or Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 V6 product family or higher, BIOS version with Intel® Optane™ supported, Windows 10 version 1703 or higher, M.2 type 2280-S1-B-M connector on a PCH Remapped PCIe Controller and Lanes in a x2 or x4 configuration with B-M keys that meet NVMe™ Spec 1.1, and an Intel® Rapid Storage Technology (Intel® RST) 15.5 driver. MIL-STD testing is pending and is not intended to demonstrate fitness for U.S. Department of Defense contract requirements or for military use. Test results are not a guarantee of future performance under these test conditions. Accidental damage requires an optional HP Accidental Damage Protection Care Pack. Internet connection required and sold separately. Requires internet service. Slice for Meetings Rooms G2 Microsoft Teams Rooms comes with the Slice for Meeting Rooms 2.0 PC with Tri-color light ring, capacitive touch keys, HP Audio Module with quad mics, HP Wired Ingest Module, HP Center of Room Control, Microsoft Teams Rooms system software, HP Cable and Port Cover.  Audio equipment or speakers are required and sold separately. Microsoft Teams Rooms subscription required. Available on HP Elite products equipped with Intel® 7th generation processors. Features vary by product. See product QuickSpecs for exact capabilities. AMD Radeon™ graphics sold separately and must be configured at the factory. Based on EliteOne 1000 G1 and G2 AiOs and HP’s internal analysis as of April 2018. Touch and anti-glare screens are optional features that must be configured at the factory VR capabilities are available only on HP EliteOne 800 G6 AiO, HP Desk 800 G6 Desktop Mini PC and HP EliteDesk 800 G6 Tower PC. Based on HP's internal analysis of business convertible, non-detachables with preinstalled encryption, authentication, malware protection and BIOS-level protection, passing MIL-STD tests that full forward into tablet mode while covering the keyboard for protection as of December 2020. Applies to HP PCs, Workstations, and Displays manufactured after January 2019. Based on most Gold and Silver EPEAT® registrations by meeting all required criteria and achieving 50-74% of the optional points for EPEAT® Silver and 75-100% of the optional points for EPEAT® Gold according to IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT®. Status varies by country. Visit www.epeat.net for more information. HP Connect for Microsoft Endpoint Manager is available from the Azure Market Place for HP Pro, Elite, Z and Point-of-Sale PCs managed with Microsoft Endpoint Manager. Subscription to Microsoft Endpoint Manager required and sold separately. Network connection required. HP Sure Admin requires Windows 10, HP BIOS, HP Manageability Integration Kit from http://www.hp.com/go/clientmanagement and HP Sure Admin Local Access Authenticator smartphone app from the Android or Apple store. HP Wolf Security for Business requires Windows 10 or higher, includes various HP security features and is available on HP Pro, Elite, RPOS and Workstation products. See product details for included security features and OS requirement. Requires myHP application and Windows OS. Wireless access point and internet service required and sold separately. Availability of public wireless access points limited. Wi-Fi 6E is backwards compatible with prior 802.11 specs. The specifications for Wi-Fi 6E (802.11ax) are draft and are not final. If the final specifications differ from the draft specifications, it may affect the ability of the notebook to communicate with other 802.11ax devices. 5G module is optional and must be configured at the factory. Module designed for 5G NR NSA (non-standalone) networks as carriers deploy Evolved-Universal Terrestrial Radio Access New Radio Dual Connectivity (ENDC) with both 100Mhz of 5G NR and LTE channel bandwidth, using 256QAM 4x4 as defined by 3GPP. Module requires activation and separately purchased service contract. Check with service provider for coverage and availability in your area. Data connection, upload and download speeds will vary due to network, location, environment, network conditions, and other factors. Backwards compatible to 4G LTE and 3G HSPA technologies. 5G module planned to be available in select platforms and select countries, where carrier supported. HP Presence requires the myHP application and Windows OS. Optional feature that must be configured at the time of purchase. 16MP quality through pixel binning. HP Dynamic Voice Leveling functions within 3 meters of the PC. Zoom Rooms subscription required and sold separately and an Intel® Core™ i5 or i7 processor is required to support Zoom. The HP Presence experiences HP Auto Frame, HP Lowlight/Backlight Adjustment, HP AI Noise Reduction, and HP Dynamic Voice Leveling is planned to be available on the HP Presence All-in-One Conferencing PC Summer 2022 and can be enabled via myHP in admin mode. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?