HP Managed Print Services - Cloud Printing Solutions  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer Workforce Solutions Workforce Solutions Workforce Solutions Workforce Experience Computing Overview Deployment Services Digital Workspaces Managed Device Services Support Services Document & Printing Overview Managed Print Services Document Workflow Solutions Support Services Collaboration Security HP Managed Print Services Transform your business to meet the needs of a modern workplace with innovative document management and printing solutions. HP Managed Print Services Transform your business to meet the needs of a modern workplace with innovative document management and printing solutions. Download brochure Watch Outcomes Why HP? Industries Case studies Outcomes Why HP? Industries Case studies Contact us Services that deliver outcomes Secure every endpoint so trouble stays out HP Print Security Services are rooted in Zero Trust principles3 that defend your network with the most comprehensive printer security around. Learn Advance your sustainability goals Join the fight against climate change with certified carbon neutral printing.4 Learn Transition print to the cloud Ensure your print strategy can dynamically adapt and scale to meet the changing needs of your business with cloud printing solutions. Learn Why HP? What analysts are saying Independent analysts name HP as a leader in security, professional services, sustainability, and supporting a distributed workforce. Named a leader in Managed Print Services (2024) Learn Named a leader in Print Security Landscape (2024) Learn Named a leader in Sustainability Vendor Landscape (2024) Learn TSIA STAR Award 2023 Finalist: Innovation in Managed Services Learn Employee Experience at the Edge: Work Models in the Age of AI Learn HP Managed Print Services Subscription A light and flexible managed service that simplifies IT and enables more secure printing from virtually anywhere5 Learn Create extra hours in your day with automated delivery of ink and toner before you run out.6 Work made easy anytime and anywhere7 with more secure, cloud-enabled printing.8 Stay nimble with a scalable subscription that adapts as business needs change. Print solutions for every industry Healthcare Empower your staff to deliver the care patients need from anywhere with HP Healthcare Print Solutions—designed to support healthgrade patient and care teams' protocols, empower care coordination, while protecting patient's privacy with most secured printing flows. Learn Financial services and insurance Help your banking or insurance business adopt new and innovative ways of delivering top-quality customer experiences—whether digitally or in-person—with automated processes, enhanced workflow efficiency, and the highest level of security and data protection. Learn Education Transform education and make learning accessible to students from anywhere they are—with end-to-end solutions, the right devices, and services built for schools and designed to support academic excellence. Learn Manufacturing Future-proof your manufacturing value chain, from concept and design to delivery, with hybrid-first operational models that will enable your company to drive innovation, improve process efficiency, and create safer user experiences—no matter where your teams are. Learn Government Help public servants meet the needs of their communities from wherever they choose to work—with manageable technology and solutions that accelerate digital transformation, maximize IT investments, while keeping your citizens' data safe. Retail From the shop floor to online shopping, implement the technology that digitizes processes, facilitates seamless transactions, and empowers employees to provide retail experiences that delights customers—both on-site and remotely. Learn A proven methodology Choosing HP means benefiting from our extensive experience supporting complex print environments around the globe. A proven methodology Choosing HP means benefiting from our extensive experience supporting complex print environments around the globe. 1. Define Join forces with our experts on print management to define the ideal workplace experiences for your employees. 2. Design Collaborate with our experts to design and validate the solution so it is aligned with your strategy, operations, and business outcomes. 3. Deploy Bring your print management strategy to life, ensuring you have a smooth transition. 4. Monitor Service experts monitor key metrics such as device health, performance, configurations, security, and more. 5. Manage Our global teams take preventative actions to ensure the reliability and performance of your device experiences. 6. Support Service experts proactively detect and solve problems with your fleet, keeping you up and running. HP Managed Print Services success stories Customers across industries share how HP Managed Print Services helped transform the way they work. CSX transforms print culture Rail transportation leader looks to HP MPS for excellent service and robust security. Read iA Financial Group optimizes print environment Infolaser improves user experience, security, and carbon reduction strategy with HP MPS. Read FMOLHS gains flexibility for business growth With HP MPS, Franciscan Missionaries of Our Lady Health System consolidates print, reduces costs, improves security, and integrates seamlessly with EMR. Read Advance your hybrid work strategy Hybrid work eGuide The definitive guide to help your organization build a successful print transformation strategy for hybrid work. Download Learn Re-evaluating your MPS contract? 5 questions to ask your next HP Managed Print Services provider to ensure you have a future-fit fleet. Download Learn Why BYO Print could be a recipe for trouble? Understand the risks of BYO Print for your remote workers, and how HP’s security expertise can deliver safe hybrid workflows with devices and solutions for secure hybrid printing. Read 5 considerations to accelerate hybrid workflows Learn how HP can help your remote employees work more productively, efficiently, and securely with our comprehensive suite of print, workflow, and management solutions. Read Secure your transition to a hybrid workforce Don’t let print be a vulnerability for your hybrid work ecosystem. Upgrade your security with HP Wolf Enterprise Security for the world’s most secure printers1. Read 3 steps to set up a remote print fleet Provide your remote workforce the print essentials they need while enabling IT to manage the entire fleet under one MPS contract with HP Flexworker Service. Read Watch Managed printers for today's workforce Modern designs powered by innovative technologies, scalable solutions and the world’s most secure printing3 – helping transform the way work gets done. Visualize your ideal MFP Build it For remote workers Big productivity from a small footprint. Compact sized, enterprise-grade options Available via HP Flexworker service Robust HP Wolf Security Learn For small workgroups Faster speeds for up to 5-15 people. Scalable configurations from printer to copier, for maximum productivity Easy to scale solutions with enhanced workflow capabilities World's most secure printing3 with HP Wolf Enterprise Security Learn For workgroups Faster speeds for up to 10-20 people. Copier capabilities with finishing and capacity options Advanced workflow solutions World’s most secure printing3 with HP Wolf Enterprise Security Learn For departments Fastest speeds designed for 25 (or more) people. The most finishing and capacity options Advanced workflow solutions World’s most secure printing3 with HP Wolf Enterprise Security Learn Zebra devices and solutions Consolidate your suppliers under a single HP MPS contract. Manage and secure your Zebra fleet with HP tools Data capture, RFID tagging, and more Learn For educators, staff & students Transform classrooms, enhance learning with HP large format printers. Out-of-the-box functionality that enables quick and easy printing without complex setup Printers capable of handling small and large formats across various media types Long-lasting indoor and outdoor signage with HP’s advanced pigment-based ink technology Learn Frequently Asked Questions What is HP MPS? HP Managed Print Services (MPS) is a suite of scalable and flexible solutions for office and production printing environments that help organizations productively and profitably manage paper and digital document workflows. HP MPS is a combination of hardware, supplies, solutions, and services all under a multi-year contract. HP MPS helps transform unmanaged data into intelligent information that can be captured, connected, and communicated while advancing your organization’s environmental, security, and mobility goals. What is the process you use? HP’s comprehensive approach to MPS is delivered through flexible, modular service offerings that are organized into three stages: Design, Transition, and Manage. We allow you to select the level of involvement that’s right for you—you can manage key components of MPS in-house, outsource some areas completely to HP, and take a co-management approach in other areas—whatever works best with your budget and resources. What are the benefits of MPS? Managed Print Services (MPS) is a business enabler—it enables you to harness and optimally manage the power of your IT print infrastructure. It allows you to lower your total cost of printing, improve IT efficiency, and invest in areas that can increase productivity, competitiveness, and profitability.* Does HP MPS understand my industry-specific needs? Yes, we have deep industry expertise across a number of industries including Healthcare, Education, Manufacturing, Finance and Legal, Retail, and Media Entertainment. We offer industry-specific solutions to digitize and streamline critical processes, transform paper-based workflows to reduce costs, drive productivity, and help improve your customers’ experience. Why should I choose HP as my MPS partner? HP is a trusted global technology and services leader with service coverage in 170 countries that are tuned locally to address unique region and country needs. HP has the strongest, most comprehensive print security in the industry,** a global bench of credentialed security advisors, and the World’s Most Secure Printers.** As an innovative leader and partner in advancing sustainability and corporate social responsibility goals, HP was recognized as the #1 America’s most responsible companies*** by Newsweek. *Source: ALL Associates Group, February 2018. For largest 5,000 Global Companies. **Includes device, data, and document security capabilities by leading managed print service providers. Based on HP review of 2019 publicly available information on service-level agreement offers, security services, security and management software, and device embedded security features of their competitive in-class printers. For more information, visit hp.com/go/MPSsecurityclaims or hp.com/go/securemps. ***Source: Newsweek, 2022, 2021, 2020 HP Secure Managed Print Services The strongest, most comprehensive print security in the industry* helps you deploy print security, manage your fleet over time, and keep it up to date with the latest protections. Download Added layers of protection to help keep you secure HP Print Security Services Get help with print security assessments, plans, and deployment. Download HP Security Solutions Protect your data and documents. Learn HP Secure Devices Defend your network with printers that are always on guard. Learn *Includes device, data, and document security capabilities by leading managed print service providers. Based on HP review of 2019 publicly available information on service-level agreement offers, security services, security and management software, and device embedded security features of their competitive in-class printers. For more information, visit hp.com/go/MPSsecurityclaims or hp.com/go/securemps. eGuide: A blueprint for print transformation Download eGuide A definitive guide with key insights and considerations to help your organization build a successful print transformation strategy for hybrid work. This eGuide offers insights to: Examine how workflow needs have changed across departments and processes Automate paper-based workflows and integrate them with the cloud Help ensure the right security and sustainability measures are in place How HP Managed Print Services can help solve hybrid working challenges Download Advance your sustainability goals Learn Certified carbon neutral printing Count on carbon neutral printing without disrupting your business. Learn Relentlessly reduce carbon emissions Optimize print usage and measure progress towards reducing emissions. Learn Inspire teams and partners Demonstrate your commitment to fighting climate change and supporting communities. Learn Disclaimers Includes device, data, and document security capabilities by leading managed print service providers. Based on HP review of 2019 publicly available information on service-level agreement offers, security services, security and management software, and device embedded security features of their competitive in-class printers. For more information, visit hp.com/go/MPSsecurityclaims or hp.com/go/securemps. Based on results of third-party (WSP) research for HP of OEM MPS providers with carbon neutral offers as of June 2020. “Comprehensive” means the planet’s only globally certified carbon neutral MPS service that covers lifecycle emissions due to raw material extraction, manufacturing, transportation, use of HP printers, Original HP supplies, and paper, and end of service. HP’s most advanced embedded security features are available on HP Managed and Enterprise devices with HP FutureSmart firmware 4.5 or above. Claim based on HP review of published features as of February 2023 of competitive in-class printers. Only HP offers a combination of security features to automatically detect, stop, and recover from attacks with a self-healing reboot, in alignment with NIST SP 800-193 guidelines for device cyber resiliency. For a list of compatible products, visit hp.com/go/PrintersThatProtect. For more information, visit hp.com/go/PrinterSecurityClaims. HP MPS is certified as a CarbonNeutral® service and product (excluding paper) in accordance with The CarbonNeutral Protocol, carbonneutral.com/how/carbonneutral-protocol. Service being sold by partners on their terms and independent of HP. Compatible HP Hardware sold separately. Service initially available in the UK, USA, and Germany only. HP will make reasonable effort to deliver the replacement consumable before the in-use consumable is completely expended. Service requires web services enablement in the device and Internet connectivity. Pull printing service requires HP Roam activation for compatible devices. To enable HP Roam for Business, some devices may require optional accessory or firmware to be upgraded. HP Smart app is an optional accessory available for MPS Subscription. Requires HP app download available at www.hp.com/go/mobileprinting. Certain features are available in English language only, and may vary by printer model/country, and between desktop/mobile applications. HP reserves the right to introduce charges for use of functionality facilitated by the HP app. Internet access required and may not be available in all countries. HP account required for full functionality. Fax capabilities are for sending a fax only. List of supported operating systems available in app stores. See details at www.hpsmart.com. HP Security is now HP Wolf Security. Security features vary by platform, please see product data sheet for details. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?