HP Gaming PCs  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer Gaming PCs Gaming PCs Discover our range of high-powered gaming PCs designed with game-changing performance View all gaming PCs Filter all gaming PCs by: View all gaming PCs OMEN Premium gaming Performance gaming laptops and desktops that competition demands Starting at $1,499.99* Highest quality gaming Champion battery life Built for upgrades 16.1 inch OMEN 16 2022 (INTEL) Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900HProcessor3 & NVIDIA® graphics card1. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Shop 16.1 inch OMEN 16 2022 (AMD) Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 5 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Shop 17.3 inch OMEN 17 (INTEL) This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. Shop 15.6 inch OMEN 15 (AMD) Take your game anywhere and battle the competition with a fast AMD Processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, stunning 144Hz display, and near-eternal 8 hours of battery life2. Shop OMEN 45L (INTEL) Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Shop OMEN 45L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3080 Ti graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop OMEN 40L (INTEL) Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization4, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Shop OMEN 40L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 7 5800X5 with up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop OMEN 25L 2022 (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop VICTUS Everyday gaming Embark on your gaming journey with Victus. The best time to start gaming was yesterday, the next best time is today. Starting at $999.99* Precision color display High-speed graphics Creative color presets Shop 15 inch Victus 15 2022 (AMD) Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to a AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600H processor and up to NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 3050 Ti Graphics3 and up to NVIDIA RTX 3050 Ti Graphics1. Power up this gaming HQ and feel your game elevate to where you want to be. Shop 16 inch Victus 16 (Intel) This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, an upgraded cooling system1, and OMEN Gaming Hub. Shop VICTUS 15L (INTEL) Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC, everything you need to play. With up to an Intel Core i5 Processor and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060TI graphics all built inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go. Shop Explore all gaming PCs Find the gaming laptop or desktop that’s right for you Filters Filters Clear all Clear all Use Gaming Stream & play Product type Standard Laptop Tower Screen size 15 inch 16 inch 17 inch Processor (Brand) Intel® Core™ AMD Ryzen™ Processor (Type) AMD Ryzen™ 5 AMD Ryzen™ 7 AMD Ryzen™ 9 AMD Ryzen™ 5 Intel® Core™ i7 Intel® Core™ i9 Intel® Core™ i5 Graphics Intel® UHD AMD Radeon™ NVIDIA® GeForce® Apply We didn't find any resources that matched your filters. We've removed your removedFilterName filter so we could show you the closest matching options. OMEN 16 2022 (Intel) Color: Shadow Black Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900HProcessor3 & NVIDIA® graphics card1. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900HProcessor3 & NVIDIA® graphics card1. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Latest generation Intel® processors Windows 11** NVIDIA® graphics options Up to 32 GB DDR5-4800 MHz RAM (2 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options 16.1” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 16 2022 (AMD) Color: Shadow Black Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 5 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 5 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors Windows 11** AMD Radeon™ graphics options Up to 32 GB DDR5-4800 MHz RAM (2 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options 16.1” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 17 Color: Shadow Black This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i9 processor Windows 11** 17.3 inch diagonal FHD display Up to Intel® UHD or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 8:30 hours battery life2 Up to 32 GB memory Up to 1TB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop VICTUS 15 2022 (AMD) Color: Shadow Black Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to a AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600H processor and up to NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 3050 Ti Graphics1. Power up this gaming HQ and feel your game elevate to where you want to be. Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to a AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600H processor and up to NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 3050 Ti Graphics1. Power up this gaming HQ and feel your game elevate to where you want to be. Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors Windows 11** Up to GeForce® RTX 3050 Ti Graphics Up to 16 GB DDR4-3200 MHz RAM (2 x 8 GB) Fast SSD options 15.6” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop Victus 16 (Intel) Color: Shadow Black This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® Processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, an upgraded cooling system1, and OMEN Gaming Hub. This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® Processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, an upgraded cooling system1, and OMEN Gaming Hub. Up to 11th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor Windows 11** 16.1 inch diagonal display Up to Intel® UHD or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 32 GB memory Up to 1TB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 45L Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900KF Processor Up To NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3090 Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM OMEN CRYO CHAMBER Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 25L 2022 (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen 7 5700G processor and RTX 3060Ti graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen 7 5700G processor and RTX 3060Ti graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors Windows 11** AMD Radeon™ graphics options Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4 RAM (4 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 40L Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization4, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization4, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900KF Processor Up To NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3090 Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM Up to Kingston FURY 64 GB DDR5-5200 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM (4 x 16 GB) Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 40L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 7 5800X5 with up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X Processor Up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT Graphics Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM Air or Liquid Cooling Options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 45L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3080 Ti graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3080 Ti graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X Processor Up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4 RAM OMEN CRYO CHAMBER Specs Close specs Shop VICTUS 15L (INTEL) Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC, everything you need to play. With up to an Intel Core i5 Processor and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060TI graphics all built inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go. Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC, everything you need to play. With up to an Intel Core i5 Processor and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060TI graphics all built inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go. Up to Intel® Core™ i7-12700F Processor Up To NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060 Ti Up to 32 GB DDR4-3200 MHz RAM Up to Windows 11 Specs Close specs Shop Load More Our most wanted accessories Headsets Mice Keyboards HyperX Gaming Peripherals VR Monitors Footnotes and disclaimers *Prices shown for each product category are lowest configuration prices available from U.S. HP.com directly and before any available promotions or discounts. Pricing will vary by configuration within each product category. HP.com prices are subject to change without notice and all products are subject to current availability. **Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers, software or BIOS update to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows is automatically updated and enabled. High speed internet and Microsoft account required. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com . NVIDIA® Max-Q Design can help reduce system heat and noise in thinner form factor PC’s. Form factor design and thickness of the system will vary. Overall graphics performance may be lower than alternative graphics solutions that do not utilize Max-Q design. Windows 10 and Windows 11/MM18: Battery life will vary depending on various factors including product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. The maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See www.bapco.com for additional details. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. This device has been engineered for optimal performance. Upgrading PC may affect warranty coverage. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not allcustomers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. AMD’s numbering is not a measurement of clock speed. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, Xeon Inside, and Intel Optane are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?