Power Small and Medium Business with HP for SMB  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer HP for SMB HP for SMB HP for SMB Your business is our business Power small and medium businesses with HP, a trusted partner offering a full ecosystem of hardware, services and solutions. Contact Me Unlock AI Experiences Collaboration Enable your workforce to engage and collaborate authentically from anywhere. Contact Me Power and productivity Ensure seamless productivity. Contact Me Security and privacy When your workplace is everywhere, endpoint security is everything. Contact Me Sustainability Helping protect our shared future. Contact Me Tech solutions for SMB What can we help you find today? Business Laptops and 2-in-1s Business Desktops Workstation PCs Printers Support Services Accessories Monitors HP Business Club Keep employees productive wherever they work with HP premium support services Intelligent device health insights and smart automation pair with onsite support from expert service technicians to predict and prevent device issues before they disrupt your business. Minimize disruptions Avoid productivity slowdowns with AI-powered device health insights that can predict future PC issues and automate support requests. Learn more Smarter support Support technicians have the information they need to accurately pinpoint and address device issues fast. Rapid issue resolution Resolve most issues with extended remote support or an expert technician can be dispatched to arrive onsite on the next business day. Make collaboration more effective and seamless Help people share ideas and advance projects with colleagues located anywhere. See and hear clearly Improve collaboration with crystal-clear audio and video built into PCs, and conferencing peripherals that deliver incredible sound and visuals in any space. Simply connect Work remotely and collaborate seamlessly from almost anywhere. The Z by HP Remote Access Solution The Z by HP Remote Access Solution recommended configurations include Z by HP workstations, HP Anyware Remote System Controller, and HP Anyware software for remote access to an end point device. Network access required. HP Anyware software and licensing are available through a 1- or 3-year subscription. Renewal is required after the subscription term. HP Anyware subscriptions are based on the number of concurrent PCoIP connections used (pay for the number of host connections, not the software) with a minimum order quantity of 5. For a limited time, an HP Anyware Professional subscription also includes access and support for ZCentral Remote Boost and ZCentral Connect and is available for purchase through an HP reseller or contact sales at hp.com/Anyware. ZCentral Remote Boost Sender requires Windows 10 and 11, RHEL/CentOS (7 or 8), or UBUNTU 18.04 or 20.04 LTS operating systems. macOS (10.14 or newer) operating system and ThinPro 7.2 are only supported on the receiver side. ZCentral Connect requires Windows (10 or 11) or Windows Server (2016 or 2019) operating system, Microsoft Active Directory and Intel Active Management Technology for select features. For system requirements and to install HP Anyware and Anyware Manager, refer to the Admin Guides at: https://docs.teradici.com/find/product/hp-anyware. HP Anyware Remote System Controller is sold separately. Internet access required. * pairs high-performance workstations and innovative remote access software to tackle the most demanding workflows. Work together comfortably Outfit your people to do their best work, wherever they are, with reliable, high-performance devices that meet their needs. Look and sound great Ensure your teams have the right tools needed to collaborate with customers effectively and professionally through Poly video conferencing solutions. Tackle the toughest tasks with ease, from wherever you work Make it easy for people to stay engaged, connected, and in the flow—in and out of the office. Keep the focus on work Grow your business confidently with powerful solutions designed for teams that want to focus on their business-critical work, not their tech. Power through remote work Simplify working on the go with adaptable configurations, lightweight laptops, and PCs with extra-long battery life that allow people to power through work, wherever they are. Make working from home – or the office - easier HP’s printer portfolio helps deliver everything you need to print for your home office or small business. Minimize downtime with HP Premium+ Support HP Premium+ Support (formerly Active Care) is sold separately. HP Services are governed by the applicable HP terms and conditions of service provided or indicated to Customer at the time of purchase. Customer may have additional statutory rights according to applicable local laws, and such rights are not in any way affected by the HP terms and conditions of service or the HP Limited Warranty provided with your HP Product. * Empower your teams to stay productive with services developed for small businesses. HP Premium+ Support (formerly Active Care) helps IT achieve optimal uptime and fast resolution support on HP devices. A complete suite of device protection, support, and repair services that help maximize productivity. Performance built for your work Power your team with high-performance workstation computers certified by leading software vendors and designed for demanding high-compute workflows – AI, 3D modeling, rendering, simulations, and more. Productivity your way Help employees set up their environments in a way that best complements their work style, from large, curved displays to crystal-clear webcams and headsets to docking stations. Every device decision is a security decision Work anywhere without worry on HP devices protected by HP Wolf Security. HP Wolf Security for Business requires Windows 10 or 11 Pro and higher, includes various HP security features and is available on HP Pro, Elite, RPOS and Workstation products. See product details for included security features. * Protection at every level HP laptops and desktops with HP Wolf Security for Business come equipped with hardware-enforced security protections. Safeguard your data When PCs go missing, HP Wolf Protect and Trace HP Wolf Protect and Trace is available on select HP 600, 800, 1000, Windows based Elite Dragonfly Laptops, select 800 desktops, and Z1 G8 Workstations and will function when the device is powered on and connected to the Internet. HP Wolf Protect & Trace requires HP TechPulse to be installed by customer manually via a one-click download at hp.com/premium-plus or by providing consent at the time of your hardware’s first boot, which enables HP to install HP TechPulse to collect information related to the Device. HP TechPulse is a telemetry and analytics platform that provides critical data around devices and applications and is not sold as a standalone service. HP TechPulse follows stringent GDPR privacy regulations and is ISO27001, ISO27701, ISO27017 and SOC2 Type2 certified for Information Security. Internet access with connection to TechPulse portal is required. For full system requirements, please visit http://www.hpdaas.com/requirements * will help you locate the device, wipe secure data, and lock the device from a remote, self-managed location. Business-grade security, built right into the silicon HP OfficeJet Pro and HP LaserJet Pro printers have embedded security features that helps safeguard against cyberattacks. Helping protect our shared future HP has an ambitious agenda, rooted in science and aligned to the UN Sustainable Development Goals, that connects HP to the most defining and urgent issues of our time where we can have the greatest impact as a brand: Climate Action, Human Rights, and Digital Equity. Keep your team at the forefront of business and technology with our full suite of HP technology solutions for business. Contact Me Disclaimers The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?