HP Laptop Computers and 2-in-1 PCs  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer Laptop computers and 2-in-1 PCs Laptop computers and 2-in-1 PCs Whatever you’re doing, wherever you’re going, there’s an HP laptop that can get you there View all laptops Compare series Choose the laptop or tablet that works best for you Compare laptop series Looking for business laptops? HP Chromebook Chrome OS Starting at $439.99* 14-15” 3-4 lbs Learn HP Laptops Everyday PCs Starting at $529.99* 14-17” 3-5 lbs Learn HP Pavilion Stream & Play Starting at $829.99* 15” 3-5 lbs Learn HP Envy Creativity Starting at $1,199.99* 13-17” 3-6 lbs Learn HP Spectre High-Tech Style Starting at $1,839.99* 13-16” 3-5 lbs Learn OMEN Gaming PCs Starting at $1,749.99* 15-17” 5-6+ lbs Learn Victus Gaming PCs Starting at $999.99* 15-16” 5-6 lbs Learn Filter by: View all laptops HP Spectre High-tech style High-tech style Stunning looks meet jaw-dropping performance Starting at $1,839.99* Beauty & power 360° touchscreen Robust privacy features Learn 13.5 inch HP Spectre x360 13.5 Look great, sound great anywhere Shop 16 inch HP Spectre x360 16 Show yourself in your best light Shop HP Envy Creativity HP Envy Creativity Powerhouse laptops for creators on the move Starting at $1,199.99* Precision color display High-speed graphics Creative color presets Learn 13.3 inch HP Envy x360 13.3 Create wherever. However. Shop 15.6 inch HP Envy x360 15.6 (Intel) Power to create anyway, anywhere Shop 15.6 inch HP Envy x360 15.6 (AMD) Power to create anyway, anywhere Shop 16 inch HP Envy 16 Laptop Power your ideas anywhere Shop 17.3 inch HP Envy 17.3 Laptop Power to create. Freedom to move. Shop HP Pavilion Stream & play Stream & play Audio and video features that take streaming to a higher level Starting at $829.99* Audio by B&O Advanced Wi-Fi & battery Lightweight & portable Learn 15.6 inch HP Pavilion 15 Laptop This performance laptop is capable of incredible productivity and entertainment, featuring a precision touchpad and Audio by B&O. Shop 15 inch HP Pavilion x360 15 Get inspired in more ways with this convertible laptop’s 3-sided micro-edge 360° display, dual speakers, and HP Audio Boost and Audio by B&O. Shop HP Laptops Everyday PCs HP Laptops Everyday PCs All the basics you need for everyday computing Starting at $529.99* Excellent value Reliable performance Great for multitasking Learn 15.6 inch HP 15 Laptop Get the best of both productivity and entertainment with this laptop’s long-life battery and video-friendly 15.6” micro-edge bezel screen. Shop 17 inch HP 17 Laptop You’ll be unstoppable all day every day with this laptop’s high-resolution 17.3” screen and ergonomic, eco-friendly design. Shop HP Chromebook Chrome OS Chrome OS A new type of computer for everything you love to do, plus the best of Chrome and Android apps5 Starting at $439.99* Speedy, secure computing All-day battery Chrome & Android apps5 Learn 14 inch HP Chromebook 14 The apps you love come together with the reliable performance from HP. Shop New model 14 inch HP Chromebook x360 14 A full-sized keyboard helps you get more done, and the 360º adjustable screen delivers endless viewing options. Shop New model 15.6 inch HP Chromebook 15 The Chrome OS you already love, meets the trustable performance and intuative design from HP. Shop OMEN Premium gaming Performance gaming laptops and desktops that competition demands Starting at $1,749.99* Highest quality gaming Champion battery life Built for upgrades Learn NEW PRODUCT 16.1 inch OMEN 16 2022 (INTEL) Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900HProcessor3 & NVIDIA® graphics card1. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Shop NEW PRODUCT 16.1 inch OMEN 16 2022 (AMD) Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 5 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Shop 17.3 inch OMEN 17 (INTEL) This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. Shop 15.6 inch OMEN 15 (AMD) Take your game anywhere and battle the competition with a fast AMD Processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, stunning 144Hz display, and near-eternal 8 hours of battery life2. Shop VICTUS Embark on your gaming journey with Victus The best time to start gaming was yesterday, the next best time is today. Starting at $999.99* Precision color display High-speed graphics Creative color presets Learn NEW PRODUCT 15 inch Victus 15 2022 (AMD) Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 5800H processor5 and up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6500M Graphics. All sleekly designed in a mighty little package. Shop 16 inch Victus 16 (Intel) This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® processor, NVIDIA® graphics1, an upgraded cooling system1, and OMEN Gaming Hub. Shop Explore All Laptops Whatever you need from a laptop—power, creative tools, bold style, and more—there’s an HP laptop just for you Filters Filters Filters Clear all Use Chrome OS Creativity Everyday Gaming Stream & play High-tech style Operating System Windows 11 Chrome OS Product Type 2-in-1 laptop Standard laptop Screen Size 13 inch 14 inch 15 inch 16 inch 17 inch Processor (Brand) AMD Ryzen™ Intel® Celeron® Intel® Pentium® Intel® Core™ Processor (Type) AMD Ryzen™ 5 AMD Ryzen™ 7 AMD Ryzen™ 9 Intel® Celeron® Intel® Pentium® Silver Intel® Core™ i7 Intel® Core™ i9 Graphics Intel® UHD Intel® Iris® Xe AMD Radeon™ NVIDIA® GeForce® Apply We didn't find any resources that matched your filters. We've removed your removedFilterName filter so we could show you the closest matching options. HP Spectre x360 13.5 Color: Natural Silver Look great, sound great anywhere. Look great, sound great anywhere. Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor2 Optimized for collaboration with Microsoft Teams on Windows 11** 13.5" Diagonal screen As light as 3 lbs17 Up to 16:00 hours battery life8 Specs Close specs Shop HP Spectre x360 16 Color: Natural Black Show yourself in your best light. Show yourself in your best light. Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor2 Optimized for collaboration with Microsoft Teams on Windows 11** Bigger 16" diagonal screen As light as 4.45 lbs17 Up to 15:00 hours battery life8 Specs Close specs Shop HP Spectre x360 16 Color: Nocturne Blue Show yourself in your best light. Look great, sound great anywhere. Up to Intel® Core™ i7 processor2 Optimized for collaboration with Microsoft Teams on Windows 11** Bigger 16" diagonal screen As light as 4.45 lbs17 Up to 15:00 hours battery life8 Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy x360 13.3 Color: Natural Silver Create wherever. However. Create wherever. However. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor2 Get more done without breaking your flow with Snap Assist on Windows 11** As light as 2.30 lbs17 13.3" diagonal screen Up to 17:30 hour battery life12 Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy x360 15.6 (Intel) Color: Natural Silver Power to create anyway, anywhere. Power to create anyway, anywhere. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor2 Get more done without breaking your flow with Snap Assist on Windows 11** Larger 15.6" diagonal screen Up to 11:45 hours battery life12 As light as 3.02 lbs17 Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy x360 15.6 (AMD) Color: Nightfall Black Power to create anyway, anywhere. Power to create anyway, anywhere. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 7 5000 Series Processor Get more done without breaking your flow with Snap Assist on Windows 11** Larger 15.6" diagonal screen Up to 12:00 hour battery life8 As light as 3.33 lbs17 Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy 16 Laptop Color: Natural Silver Power your ideas anywhere. Power your ideas anywhere. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor2 Get more done without breaking your flow with Snap Assist on Windows 11** As light as 5.17 lbs17 16" diagonal screen NVIDIA®️ GeForce RTXTM 3060 graphics Up to 9:45 hours battery life8 Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy 17.3 Laptop Color: Natural Silver Power to create. Freedom to move. Power to create. Freedom to move. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor2 Get more done without breaking your flow with Snap Assist on Windows 11** Larger 17.3" diagonal screen Up to 8:45 hours battery life8 As light as 5.49 lbs17 Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 15 Laptop Color: Natural Silver This performance laptop is capable of incredible productivity and entertainment, featuring a precision touchpad and Audio by B&O. This performance laptop is capable of incredible productivity and entertainment, featuring a precision touchpad and Audio by B&O. Up to AMD Ryzen 7 processor Windows 11** 15.6 inch diagonal screen Up to Intel® Iris® Xe Graphics or AMD Radeon™ Graphics Up to 8:75 hours battery life12 17.9mm thin and 3.86 lbs.17 Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion x360 15 Color: Natural Silver Get inspired in more ways with this convertible laptop’s 3-sided micro-edge 360° display, dual speakers, and HP Audio Boost and Audio by B&O. Get inspired in more ways with this convertible laptop’s 3-sided micro-edge 360° display, dual speakers, and HP Audio Boost and Audio by B&O. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processors Windows 11** 15.6 inch diagonal screen Up to Intel® Iris® Xe graphics Up to 512 GB SSD Up to 8:5 hours battery life7 Specs Close specs Shop HP 15 Laptop Color: Natural Silver Get the best of both productivity and entertainment with this laptop’s long-life battery and video-friendly 15.6” micro-edge bezel screen. Get the best of both productivity and entertainment with this laptop’s long-life battery and video-friendly 15.6” micro-edge bezel screen. Up to 11th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor Windows 11** 15.6 inch diagonal screen Intel® UHD graphics Up to 9:30 hours battery life12 HP Fast Charge Specs Close specs Shop HP 17 Laptop Color: Natural Silver You’ll be unstoppable all day every day with this laptop’s high-resolution 17” screen and ergonomic, eco-friendly design. You’ll be unstoppable all day every day with this laptop’s high-resolution 17” screen and ergonomic, eco-friendly design. Up to 11th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor Windows 11** 17 inch diagonal screen Intel® Iris® Xe or NVIDIA® GeForce® or AMD Radeon™ graphics Up to 9:30 hours battery life12 Up to 2TB HDD storage HP Fast Charge Designed with ocean-bound plastic16 Specs Close specs Shop HP 17 Laptop Color: Starry Black You’ll be unstoppable all day every day with this laptop’s high-resolution 17” screen and ergonomic, eco-friendly design. You’ll be unstoppable all day every day with this laptop’s high-resolution 17” screen and ergonomic, eco-friendly design. Up to 11th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor Windows 11** 17 inch diagonal screen Intel® Iris® Xe or NVIDIA® GeForce® or AMD Radeon™ graphics Up to 9:30 hours battery life12 Up to 2TB HDD storage HP Fast Charge Designed with ocean-bound plastic16 Specs Close specs Shop HP Chromebook 14" Color: Modern Grey The apps you love come together with the reliable performance from HP. The apps you love come together with the reliable performance from HP. Chrome OS™ Intel® Celeron® Processor2 Up to 13.5 hours of battery life9 14" diagonal high-definition display6 As light as 3.35lb17 4GB RAM Intel® UHD Graphics 6006 Up to 64GB eMMC storage Specs Close specs Shop HP Chromebook x360 14 Color: Mineral Silver A full-sized keyboard helps you get more done, and the 360º adjustable screen delivers endless viewing options. A full-sized keyboard helps you get more done, and the 360º adjustable screen delivers endless viewing options. Intel® Pentium® Silver processor Chrome OS™ 14 inch diagonal screen Intel® UHD graphics Up to 12:30 hours of battery life9 Up to 8GB RAM Up to 128 GB eMMC storage10 Up to Full HD, micro-edge, touchscreen display HP Wide Vision HD camera Specs Close specs Shop HP Chromebook 15 Color: Mineral Silver The Chrome OS you already love, meets the trustable performance and intuative design from HP. The Chrome OS you already love, meets the trustable performance and intuative design from HP. Chrome OS™ Up to an Intel® Celeron® Processor2 Up to 10 hours of battery life9 Large 15.6" diagonal screen As light as 3.74lb17 Up to 8GB RAM Optional touch screen full-HD IPS display option4 Intel® UHD Graphics Up to 128GB eMMC storage Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 15 (AMD) Color: Shadow Black Take your game anywhere and battle the competition with a fast AMD Processor, NVIDIA® graphics7, stunning 144Hz display, and near-eternal 8 hours of battery life8. Take your game anywhere and battle the competition with a fast AMD Processor, NVIDIA® graphics7, stunning 144Hz display, and near-eternal 8 hours of battery life8. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 processor Windows 11** 15.6 inch diagonal display Up to AMD Radeon™ or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 8 hours battery life8 Up to 16 GB memory Up to 1TB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop NEW PRODUCT Victus 15 2022 (AMD) Color: Shadow Black Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 5800H processor15 and up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6500M Graphics. All sleekly designed in a mighty little package. Keep up with the biggest games and the best players. Up to Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 5800H processor15 and up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6500M Graphics. All sleekly designed in a mighty little package. Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors Windows 11** AMD Radeon™ graphics options Up to 16 GB DDR4-3200 MHz RAM (2 x 8 GB) Fast SSD options 15.6” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop NEW PRODUCT OMEN 16 2022 (AMD) Color: Shadow Black Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 15 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling18 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 9 6900HX processor 15 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3070 Ti Graphics. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling18 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors Windows 11** NVIDIA® graphics options Up to 32 GB DDR5-4800 MHz RAM (2 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options 16.1” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop NEW PRODUCT OMEN 16 2022 (Intel) Color: Shadow Black Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900H Processor2 & NVIDIA® graphics card7. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Your laptop game is ready to go. Power your play with Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900H Processor2 & NVIDIA® graphics card7. All with OMEN Tempest Cooling4 Technology to keep you cool in the mix. Latest generation Intel® processors Windows 11** NVIDIA® graphics options Up to 32 GB DDR5-4800 MHz RAM (2 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options 16.1” diagonal display Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 17 Color: Shadow Black This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. This is the champion of gaming laptops with its with this powerhouse processor, 17.3” screen, and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ graphics. Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i9 processor Windows 11** 17.3 inch diagonal FHD display Up to Intel® UHD or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 8:30 hours battery life8 Up to 32 GB memory Up to 1TB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop Victus 16 (Intel) Color: Shadow Black This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® Processor, NVIDIA® graphics7, an upgraded cooling system7, and OMEN Gaming Hub. This laptop has come to play with its powerful Intel® Processor, NVIDIA® graphics7, an upgraded cooling system7, and OMEN Gaming Hub. Up to 11th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor Windows 11** 16.1 inch diagonal display Up to Intel® UHD or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 32 GB memory Up to 1TB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop Load More Footnotes and disclaimers *Prices shown for each product category are lowest configuration prices available from U.S. HP.com directly and before any available promotions or discounts. Pricing will vary by configuration within each product category. HP.com prices are subject to change without notice and all products are subject to current availability. **Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers, software or BIOS update to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows is automatically updated and enabled. High speed internet and Microsoft account required. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com . All performance specifications represent the typical specifications provided by HP’s component manufacturers; actual performance may vary either higher or lower. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. 5G module is optional and must be configured at the factory. Module supports non-millimeter wave 5G frequencies (below 6 GHz). The full utilization of this module’s functionality is dependent on network providers’ technical ability to support module and speed. Backwards compatible to 4G networks. Module requires activation and separately purchased service contract. Check with service provider for coverage and availability in your area. Connection, upload and download speeds will vary due to network, location, environment, network conditions, and other factors. 5G & 4G LTE networks not available in all regions. 4G LTE module requires separately purchased service contract. Check with service provider for coverage and availability in your area. Connection speeds will vary due to location, environment, network conditions, and other factors. 4G LTE not available on all products, in all regions. Google Play Store apps sold separately and not included. HD (High Definition) content required to view HD images. NVIDIA® Max-Q Design can help reduce system heat and noise in thinner form factor PC’s. Form factor design and thickness of the system will vary. Overall graphics performance may be lower than alternative graphics solutions that do not utilize Max-Q design. Windows 10 and Windows 11/MM18: Battery life will vary depending on various factors including product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. The maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See www.bapco.com for additional details. Testing conducted by HP using Google Chrome OS power_LoadTest. Battery life will vary and the maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/third_party/autotest/+/refs/heads/master/client/site_tests/power_LoadTest/README.md for test details. For storage drives, GB = 1 billion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 8.1 GB is reserved and is not user accessible. HP Sure View integrated privacy screen that functions in landscape orientation. Available on select HP models and requires factory configuration. Brightness will vary between sharing and privacy modes. Windows 10 MobileMark 18 Battery life will vary depending on various factors including product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. The maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See https://bapco.com/products/mobilemark-2018/ for additional details. Battery life tested by HP using continuous Netflix video playback, Windows 10 Netflix app, 150 nits brightness, system audio level 17%, headphone attached, played full-screen, wireless on. Actual battery life will vary depending on configuration and maximum capacity will naturally decrease with time and usage. Full high-definition (FHD) content is required to view FHD images. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. AMD’s numbering is not a measurement of clock speed. Percentage of ocean-bound plastic contained in each component varies by product. Weight will vary by configuration. This device has been engineered for optimal performance. Upgrading PC may affect warranty coverage. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. MediaTek's numbering is not a measurement of clock speed. Wireless access point and internet service required and sold separately. Availability of public wireless access points limited. Wi-Fi 6 is backwards compatible with prior 802.11 specs. Wi-Fi 6 is designed to support gigabit data rate when transferring files between two devices connected to the same router. Requires a wireless router, sold separately, that supports 80MHz and higher channels. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, Xeon Inside, and Intel Optane are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Bluetooth is a trademark of its proprietor and used by HP Inc. under license. USB Type-C™ and USB-C™ are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. Microsoft, Windows, and the Windows Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Google, Chromebase, and Google Meet are trademarks of Google LLC The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Footnotes and disclaimers *Prices shown for each product category are lowest configuration prices available from U.S. HP.com directly and before any available promotions or discounts. Pricing will vary by configuration within each product category. HP.com prices are subject to change without notice and all products are subject to current availability. **Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers, software or BIOS update to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows is automatically updated and enabled. High speed internet and Microsoft account required. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, Xeon Inside, and Intel Optane are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Bluetooth is a trademark of its proprietor and used by HP Inc. under license. USB Type-C™ and USB-C™ are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum. Microsoft, Windows, and the Windows Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Google, Chromebase, and Google Meet are trademarks of Google LLC The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?