HP Desktop Computers and All-in-One PCs  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer Desktop computers and All-in-One PCs Desktop computers and All-in-One PCs For work, play, gaming, or entertainment, there’s an HP desktop or All-in-One just for you View all desktops Compare series Compare Desktop Series Choose the desktop that works best for you Looking for business desktops? HP Desktops Everyday PCs Starting at $754.99* 21” / 23” / 27” Up to 512 GB PCIe® NVMe™ M.2 SSD Learn HP Chromebase Chrome OS Starting at $839.99* 21” 8GB(DDR4,2 DIMM) Learn HP Pavilion Stream & Play Starting at $934.99* 24” / 27” / 32” Up to 1 TB Intel® SSD + 32 GB Intel® Optane™ memory Learn HP Envy Creativity Starting at $3,084.99* 34” only Up to 1 TB Intel® SSD + 32 GB Intel® Optane™ memory Learn OMEN Gaming PCs Starting at $1,499.99* 25L - 45L 1 TB WD Black PCIe® NVMe™ TLC M.2 SSD Learn Victus Gaming PCs Starting at $1,584.99* 15L Up to 512 GB PCIE® NVME™ SSD Learn Filter by: View all desktops HP Chromebase Chrome OS Chrome OS Your new family entertainment hub has arrived. Starting at $839.99* Built for everyone 90° rotating screen Crazy-simple security Learn 21.5 inch HP Chromebase All-in-One The AiO built for everyone with a 90° rotating screen, voice-activated Google Assistant1, and school, work, and entertainment features. Shop HP Envy Creativity HP Envy Creativity A powerful desktop for high-tech creators. Starting at $3,084.99* Power & performance to create Ultrawide display & true-to-life colors Designed for collaboration Learn New model 34 inch HP Envy 34 All-in-One Show-stopping 34” AiO with true-to-life colors, and a detachable, magnetic camera for the perfect expression of creativity. Shop HP Pavilion Stream & play Stream & play Get the best of both worlds: do-it-all performance and amazing entertainment features. Starting at $934.99* Performance & value Great for video calls Made for families Learn New model 24 inch HP Pavilion 24 All-in-One For work and wow, this 24” AiO delivers top-tier entertainment features, including audio by B&O. Shop New model 27 inch HP Pavilion 27 All-in-One Who needs a TV when you’ve got this 27” AiO that is packed with performance and has a flicker-free2, anti-glare display with killer audio? Shop New model 31.5 inch HP Pavilion 32 All-in-One One of HP's best All-in-One Desktops for productivity with its space-saving design, multiple HDMI ports and wireless keyboard and mouse combo. Shop HP Pavilion Desktop Watch videos, work on projects, and connect with family and friends with ease with this desktop PC. Shop HP Pavilion Gaming Desktop Expand your world—and your desktop—with this upgradable, powerful yet compact machine featuring a handsome brushed silver finish. Shop HP Desktop Everyday PCs HP Desktop Everyday PCs The essentials you need for everyday desktop computing. Starting at $889.99* Reliable performance Durability you can trust Modern, sleek design Learn New model 23.8 inch HP 23.8" All-in-One With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. Coming soon 27 inch HP 27 All-in-One Not your father’s PC: This AiO has the power of a desktop with the beauty of a spacious, modern, 4-sided micro-edge 27” display. Shop New model 27 inch HP 27" All-in-One With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. Coming soon 24 inch HP 24 All-in-One HP's first All-in-One PC with a four-sided micro-edge display. Enjoy the power of a desktop combined with the beauty of a slim, modern display. Shop OMEN Gaming Gaming Are you ready for high-powered gaming goodness? Starting at $1,499.99* Legendary design Built for upgrades Customizable details Learn OMEN 45L (INTEL) Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Shop OMEN 45L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop OMEN 40L (INTEL) Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization4, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Shop OMEN 40L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop OMEN 25L 2022 (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Shop VICTUS Everyday gaming The only gaming laptop you can customize and design to your specs, inside and out Starting at $1,584.99* Precision color display High-speed graphics Creative color presets Learn VICTUS 15L (INTEL) Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC, everything you need to play. With up to an Intel® Core™ i5 Processor3 and NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060 graphics all built inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go. Shop Explore all desktops and All-in-Ones Find the desktop PC or All-in-One that’s right for you Filters Filters Clear all Clear all Use Gaming Chrome OS Creativity Stream & play Everyday Operating System Windows 11 Chrome OS Product type All-in-One Tower Screen size 21 inch 24 inch 27 inch 32 inch 34 inch Processor (Brand) AMD Ryzen™ Intel® Celeron® Intel® Pentium® Intel® Core™ Processor (Type) AMD Ryzen™ 5 AMD Ryzen™ 7 AMD Ryzen™ 9 Intel® Pentium® Silver Intel® Core™ i3 Intel® Core™ i7 Intel® Core™ i9 Graphics Intel® UHD Intel® Iris® Xe AMD Radeon™ AMD® Navi NVIDIA® GeForce® Apply We didn't find any resources that matched your filters. We've removed your removedFilterName filter so we could show you the closest matching options. HP Chromebase All-in-One The AiO built for everyone with a 90° rotating screen, voice-activated Google Assistant1, and school, work, and entertainment features. The AiO built for everyone with a 90° rotating screen, voice-activated Google Assistant1, and school, work, and entertainment features. Up to Intel® Core™ i3 processor Chrome OS™ 21.5 inch micro-edge touchscreen Full HD (1920x1080 resolution) Up to 16GB DDR4 RAM Up to 256GB PCIe® SSD storage Intel® Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth® 5 combo Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy 34 All-in-One Show-stopping 34” AiO with true-to-life colors, and a detachable, magnetic camera for the perfect expression of creativity. Show-stopping 34” AiO with true-to-life colors, and a detachable, magnetic camera for the perfect expression of creativity. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i9 processor 34 inch diagonal 5k display Intel UHD or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics 21:9 aspect ratio Detachable, moveable web cam Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy Desktop Get the power you need to take on your biggest passion project now and easy expandability for whatever you dream up next. Get the power you need to take on your biggest passion project now and easy expandability for whatever you dream up next. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i9 processor Up to NVIDIA ® GeForce RTX™ 3080 Ti Graphics Up to 64 GB DDR4 RAM Up to 2TB HDD Specs Close specs Shop HP Envy Desktop Get the power you need to take on your biggest passion project now and easy expandability for whatever you dream up next. Get the power you need to take on your biggest passion project now and easy expandability for whatever you dream up next. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i9 processor Up to NVIDIA ® GeForce RTX™ 3080 Ti Graphics Up to 64 GB DDR4 RAM Up to 2TB HDD Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 24 All-in-One Color: Snowflake White For work and wow, this 24” AiO delivers top-tier entertainment features, including Audio by B&O. For work and wow, this 24” AiO delivers top-tier entertainment features, including Audio by B&O. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor 23.8 inch diagonal screen Up to AMD Radeon™ or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Full HD or Quad HD display 5MP Camera Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 24 All-in-One Color: Sparkling Black For work and wow, this 24” AiO delivers top-tier entertainment features, including Audio by B&O. For work and wow, this 24” AiO delivers top-tier entertainment features, including Audio by B&O. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor 23.8 inch diagonal screen Up to AMD Radeon™ or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Full HD or Quad HD display 5MP Camera Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 27 All-in-One Color: Snowflake White Who needs a TV when you’ve got this 27” AiO that is packed with performance and has a flicker-free2, anti-glare display with killer audio? Who needs a TV when you’ve got this 27” AiO that is packed with performance and has a flicker-free2, anti-glare display with killer audio? Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor 27 inch diagonal screen Up to AMD Radeon™ or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Full HD or Quad HD display 5MP Camera Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 27 All-in-One Color: Sparkling Black Who needs a TV when you’ve got this 27” AiO that is packed with performance and has a flicker-free2, anti-glare display with killer audio? Who needs a TV when you’ve got this 27” AiO that is packed with performance and has a flicker-free2, anti-glare display with killer audio? Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor 27 inch diagonal screen Up to AMD Radeon™ or NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Full HD or Quad HD display 5MP Camera Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion 32 All-in-One Color: Sparkling Black One of HP's best All-in-One Desktops for productivity with its space-saving design, multiple HDMI ports and wireless keyboard and mouse combo. One of HP's best All-in-One Desktops for productivity with its space-saving design, multiple HDMI ports and wireless keyboard and mouse combo. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor5 31.5” micro-edge display Quad HD (2560x1440 resolution)6 Up to NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1650 graphics Up to 2 TB PCle® storage7 Realtek Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth® 5.2 combo8 Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion Desktop Watch videos, work on projects, and connect with family and friends with ease with this desktop PC. Watch videos, work on projects, and connect with family and friends with ease with this desktop PC. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 5 processor Intel® UHD Graphics or AMD Radeon™ graphics Up to 16 GB memory Up to 2 TB HDD storage Up to 256 GB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop HP Pavilion Gaming Desktop Expand your world—and your desktop—with this upgradable, powerful yet compact machine featuring a handsome brushed silver finish. Expand your world—and your desktop—with this upgradable, powerful yet compact machine featuring a handsome brushed silver finish. Windows 11** Up to Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 5 processor Up to NVIDIA® GeForce® graphics Up to 16 GB memory Up to 2 TB HDD storage Up to 256 GB SSD storage Specs Close specs Shop HP 21 All-in-One A sleek 21” AiO design that’ll simplify your desktop space without sacrificing PC performance or reliability. A sleek 21” AiO design that’ll simplify your desktop space without sacrificing PC performance or reliability. Windows 11** Up to Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 5 processor4 20.7 inch diagonal screen Easy upgradability in three simple steps3 Specs Close specs Shop HP 23 All-in-One Good looking, hardworking 23” AiO with reliable performance and an ultramodern, 4-sided micro-edge display. Good looking, hardworking 23” AiO with reliable performance and an ultramodern, 4-sided micro-edge display. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 5 processor4 23 inch diagonal screen Easy upgradability in three simple steps3 Specs Close specs Shop New model New model HP 23.8" All-in-One Color: Jet Black With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. Windows 11** Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor or 13th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor9,10 Up to a Full HD IPS touch option display12 Up to 32 GB DDR4 RAM Up to AMD Radeon™ graphics or Intel® Iris® Xe graphics Up to 1 TB PCle® NVMe™ SSD storage Up to Wi-Fi 6 (2x2) and Bluetooth® 5.3 combo14 Up to Full HD IR camera with temporal noise reduction Specs Show less Coming soon HP 24 All-in-One Color: Sparkling Black HP's first All-in-One PC with a four-sided micro-edge display. Enjoy the power of a desktop combined with the beauty of a slim, modern display. HP's first All-in-One PC with a four-sided micro-edge display. Enjoy the power of a desktop combined with the beauty of a slim, modern display. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor or AMD Ryzen™ 7 Processor4 23.8 inch Full HD screen Up to 32GB DDR4 RAM 1 TB PCIe® NVMe™ M.2 SSD storage Specs Show less Shop HP 24 All-in-One Color: Snowflake White HP's first All-in-One PC with a four-sided micro-edge display. Enjoy the power of a desktop combined with the beauty of a slim, modern display. HP's first All-in-One PC with a four-sided micro-edge display. Enjoy the power of a desktop combined with the beauty of a slim, modern display. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor or AMD Ryzen™ 7 Processor4 23.8 inch Full HD screen Up to 32GB DDR4 RAM 1 TB PCIe® NVMe™ M.2 SSD storage Specs Show less Shop HP 27 All-in-One This AiO has the power of a desktop with the beauty of a spacious, modern, 4-sided micro-edge 27” display. This AiO has the power of a desktop with the beauty of a spacious, modern, 4-sided micro-edge 27” display. Windows 11** Up to 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 or AMD Ryzen™ 5 processor4 27 inch diagonal screen Easy upgradability in three simple steps3 Specs Close specs Shop New model New model HP 27" All-in-One Color: Shell White With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. Windows 11** Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor or 13th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor9,10 Up to a Full HD IPS touch option display12 Up to 32 GB DDR4 RAM Up to AMD Radeon™ graphics or Intel® Iris® Xe graphics Up to 1 TB PCle® NVMe™ SSD storage Up to Wi-Fi 6 (2x2) and Bluetooth® 5.3 combo14 Up to Full HD IR camera with temporal noise reduction Specs Show less Coming soon New model New model HP 27" All-in-One Color: Jet Black With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. With a unique, sustainable design and plenty of features, feel empowered to change the game. Windows 11** Up to an AMD Ryzen™ 7 processor or 13th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor9,10 Up to a Full HD IPS touch option display12 Up to 32 GB DDR4 RAM Up to AMD Radeon™ graphics or Intel® Iris® Xe graphics Up to 1 TB PCle® NVMe™ SSD storage Up to Wi-Fi 6 (2x2) and Bluetooth® 5.3 combo14 Up to Full HD IR camera with temporal noise reduction Specs Show less Coming soon HP Slim Desktop Engineered for all-day performance in everyday spaces with a reliable processor and slim bezel design with bold geometric pattern. Engineered for all-day performance in everyday spaces with a reliable processor and slim bezel design with bold geometric pattern. Windows 11** Up to 10th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor Intel® UHD graphics 630 Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 25L 2020 Serious performance meet serious style. Your future gaming self will thank you for the unrivaled NVIDIA® graphics that leave the competition in the dust. Serious performance meet serious style. Your future gaming self will thank you for the unrivaled NVIDIA® graphics that leave the competition in the dust. Windows 11** Latest generation Intel® and AMD® processors NVIDIA® and AMD® graphics options Up to 64GB HyperX DDR4 RAM Fast SSD options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 30L 2020 With the same performance and style as the OMEN 25L but with more cooling power via a 120mm system fan in the front, this desktop can’t be beat. With the same performance and style as the OMEN 25L but with more cooling power via a 120mm system fan in the front, this desktop can’t be beat. Windows 11** Latest generation Intel® and AMD® processors NVIDIA® and AMD® graphics options Up to 64GB HyperX DDR4 RAM Fast SSD options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 40L Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization3, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Take your game to the next level with easy upgradeability and expansion, advanced customization3, liquid cooling, and a toolless access case. Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900KF Processor Up To NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3090 Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM Up to Kingston FURY 64 GB DDR5-5200 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM (4 x 16 GB) Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 45L Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Scientifically cooled, metaphysically fire. This desktop is FTW with powerful and dazzling graphics and a revolutionary OMEN CRYO CHAMBER cooling system. Up to Intel® Core™ i9-12900KF Processor Up To NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3090 Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM OMEN CRYO CHAMBER Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 25L 2022 (INTEL) The OMEN 25L Desktop PC lives for adventure, never leaves a teammate behind, and can pack a new 120mm front fan. Meet your new best friend, packing a 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor3 and up to a NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3080 SUPER™ Graphics card. The OMEN 25L Desktop PC lives for adventure, never leaves a teammate behind, and can pack a new 120mm front fan. Meet your new best friend, packing a 12th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 Processor3 and up to a NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3080 SUPER™ Graphics card. Latest generation Intel® processors Windows 11** NVIDIA® graphics options Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4 RAM (4 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 25L 2022 (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 5 5600X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Windows 11** Latest generation AMD Ryzen™ processors AMD Radeon™ graphics options Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4 RAM (4 x 16 GB) Fast SSD options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 40L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X Processor Up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT Graphics Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4-3733 MHz XMP RGB Heatsink RAM Air or Liquid Cooling Options Specs Close specs Shop OMEN 45L (AMD) Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Combine up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X processors5 with up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT graphics, and get ready for the ultimate gaming advantage. Experience the combined cutting-edge performance with all-AMD through exclusive features like AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology to unlock the full potential of your PC. Up to AMD Ryzen™ 9 5900X Processor Up to AMD Radeon™ RX 6700XT Up to HyperX 64 GB DDR4 RAM OMEN CRYO CHAMBER Specs Close specs Shop VICTUS 15 (INTEL) Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC. With up to an Intel® Core™ i5 Processor3, and up to a NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060 inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go Say hello to the Victus Desktop Gaming PC. With up to an Intel® Core™ i5 Processor3, and up to a NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3060 inside a freshly designed case available in both white or black. One machine and done, let's go Latest generation Intel® processors Windows 11** NVIDIA® graphics options Up to 2TB of storage 9 USB ports Specs Close specs Shop Load More Footnotes and disclaimers *Prices shown for each product category are lowest configuration prices available from U.S. HP.com directly and before any available promotions or discounts. Pricing will vary by configuration within each product category. HP.com prices are subject to change without notice and all products are subject to current availability. **Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers, software or BIOS update to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows is automatically updated and enabled. High speed internet and Microsoft account required. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com. For more information, visit https://www.google.com/chromebook/chrome-os/ The Flicker-free capability is driven by eliminating screen flickering through integrating DC-dimming LED backlights. This device has been engineered for optimal performance. Upgrading PC may affect warranty coverage. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering, branding and/or naming is not a measurement of higher performance. GHz refers to internal clock speed of the processor. Other factors besides clock speed may impact system and application performance. Based on U.S. EPEAT® registration according to IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT®. EPEAT® status varies by country. Visit www.epeat.net for more information. Quad high-definition (QHD) content is required to view QHD images. For solid state drives, GB = 1 billion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 35GB of system disk is reserved for system recovery software. Data is split across both drives and may become inaccessible in the event of a drive failure. For solid state drives, TB = 1 trillion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 35GB of system disk is reserved for system recovery software. Data is split across both drives and may become inaccessible in the event of a drive failure. Wireless access point and internet service required and sold separately. Availability of public wireless access points limited. Wi-Fi 6 (802.11ax) is backwards compatible with prior 802.11 specs. The specifications for Wi-Fi 6 are draft and are not final. If the final specifications differ from the draft specifications, it may affect the ability of the notebook to communicate with other Wi-Fi 6 devices. Only available in countries where 802.11ax is supported.Wi-Fi 6 (802.11ax) is not supported in Ukraine, Russia, and Indonesia where Wi-Fi settings will be optimized to local regulatory requirements (802.11ac). Wi-Fi® supporting gigabit speeds is achievable when transferring files between two devices connected to the same router. Requires a wireless router, sold separately, that supports 160MHz channels. Wireless access point and Internet service required and sold separately. Availability of public wireless access points limited. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. AMD’s numbering is not a measurement of clock speed. Full high-definition (FHD) content is required to view FHD images. Intel and Iris are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Wi-Fi 6 is designed to support gigabit data rate when transferring files between two devices connected to the same router. Requires a wireless router, sold separately, that supports 80MHz and higher channels. Features may require software or other 3rd party applications to provide the described functionality. Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Intel and Iris are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. Intel, the Intel Logo, Intel Inside, Intel Core, and Core Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. AMD is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Google, Chromebase, and Google Meet are trademarks of Google LLC The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?