Z Workstation Computers- Z by HP  | HP®  Canada Skip to Content Skip to Footer https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Explore Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Shop Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Support Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration ca en false https://www.hp.com/cma/ng/lib/exceptions/privacy-banner.js https://www.hp.com https://tracking-na.hawksearch.com/api/trackevent Clear Skip to Content Skip to Footer Explore Open Explore Shop Open Shop Support Open Support Clear https://www.hp.com/ca-en/shop/Cart/#/Cart Shopping Cart Close Shopping Cart popup Sign in My HP account Support Dashboard Support Dashboard Sign out Sign out Featured Poly Security Instant Ink Printables Latest home laptops Small & Medium Business Work Relationship Index Collaboration PCs Next Gen AI PCs Laptops Desktops Gaming Monitors Accessories Business laptops Business desktops Z Workstations PC lifecycle services Print Ink, toner and papers Home printers Home office & Business printers Enterprise printers Tank printers Large-format printers & plotters Industrial presses Managed print services Workforce Solutions Services & Solutions Workforce Experience Platform Computing Services Document & Print Services Collaboration Solutions Security Solutions Featured HP.com store Weekly Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Business Solutions Business Club Student Store Tech Takes PCs Laptops 2-in-1s & convertibles Gaming laptops Touchscreen laptops Desktops All-in-One desktops Gaming PCs Mini PCs Workstations Print Ink & toner cartridges Printers Save up to 50% on Original HP ink Laser printers Home & home office printers Large format plotter printers HP+ Paper Accessories Monitors Keyboards Mice Gaming accessories Docking stations Laptop chargers & adapters Cables & components Bags & cases Problem solving Support & troubleshooting Software & drivers Diagnostic tools Windows 10 / Windows 11 Support Support by product Printing Computing Instant Ink Poly Collaboration Devices HP Anyware Other Products Support resources Contact us Check warranty Authorized service providers Security bulletin archive Parts store Consumer services Business services Product registration Support See All Skip to Content Skip to Footer Z Home Z Home Workstations Laptops Desktops & Rackables Monitors Professions Creative, Media & Entertainment Pros Data Scientists & Analysts Architects, Engineers & Construction Managers Product Designers & Engineers IT Professionals Small Business Support Z by HP Power through your heaviest workloads with high-performance workstation computers, including laptops, desktops, monitors and solutions. See the Extreme Performance of the New Z8 Fury See the Extreme Performance of the New Z8 Fury High Performance - Redefined Introducing the Z6 G5 A powered by an AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™ PRO CPU, the latest addition to the Z desktop line. See below for the full lineup, including the Z8 Fury—the world’s most advanced workstation for AI creation.11 Introducing the Z6 G5 A powered by an AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™ PRO CPU, the latest addition to the Z desktop line. See below for the full lineup, including the Z8 Fury—the world’s most advanced workstation for AI creation.11 See the Lineup Z4 G5 Our Best-Selling Workhorse, Now More Powerful. Recommended for rendering and real-time ray tracing, advanced simulation and visualization, 3D modeling/animation, advanced video editing, software/game development, advanced datasets, ML/AI/DL including cluster compute. Learn More Select & Buy Operating system1 Windows 11 Pro, WSL2 or Linux® Processor2 Up to 24 cores Intel® Xeon® W7 Graphics3 Up to 2 NVIDIA RTX™ A6000 or 2 AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 Memory4 Up to 512 GB DDR5 ECC Storage5 Up to 76 TB Expansion Slots6 5 PCIe slots (Gen 4/5) Power Supply7 Up to 1125W internal power supply, up to 90% efficiency, active PFC Dimensions 15.2 x 6.65 x 17.5 in; 35.6 x 16.89 x 44.45 cm Weight Starting at 25.15 lb; Starting at 11.4 kg (Exact weight depends on configuration) Sustainability ENERGY STAR® certified and EPEAT® registered configurations available8; Low halogen9; Ocean-bound plastic in the fans10; 19% post-consumer recycled plastic11; 10% ITE-derived closed loop plastic12; Bulk packaging available Compare Z6 G5 Unleash Extreme Graphics Performance. Recommended for rendering and real-time ray tracing, advanced simulation and visualization, computational fluid dynamics, 3D modeling/animation, 2k-4k video editing, advanced VFX and compositing, advanced datasets, ML/AI/DL including cluster compute and data visualization. Learn More Select & Buy Operating system1 Windows 11 Pro, WSL2 or Linux® Processor2 Up to 36 cores in a single CPU, Intel® Xeon® W9 Graphics3 Up to 3 NVIDIA RTX™ A6000 or 2 AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 Memory4 Up to 1TB DDR5 ECC Storage5 Up to 88TB Expansion Slots6 6 PCIe slots (up to Gen 5) Power Supply7 Up to 1125W internal power supply, up to 90% efficiency, active PFC Dimensions 17.5 x 6.65 x 18.3 in; 44.45 x 16.89 x 46.48 cm Weight Starting at 29.93 lb; Starting at 13.57 kg (Exact weight depends on configuration) Sustainability ENERGY STAR® certified and EPEAT® registered configurations available8; Low halogen9; Ocean-bound plastic in the fans10; 19% post-consumer recycled plastic11; 10% ITE-derived closed loop plastic12; Bulk packaging available Compare Z8 G5 Take on Processor-Intensive Workloads. Relentlessly. Recommended for high-end rendering with real-time ray tracing, real-time virtual world creation, advanced simulation and visualization, advanced datasets, ML/AI/DL including data visualization and model-training, computational fluid dynamics, and finite element analysis. Learn More Select & Buy Operating system1 Windows 11 Pro, WSL2 or Linux® Processor2 Up to 64 cores with 2x Intel® Xeon® Scalable Graphics3 Up to 2 NVIDIA RTX™ A6000 or 2 AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 Memory4 Up to 1TB DDR5 ECC Storage5 Up to 120TB Expansion Slots6 7 PCIe slots (up to Gen 5) Power Supply7 Up to 1450W internal power supply, up to 90% efficiency, active PFC Dimensions 17.5 x 8.5 x 21.7 in; 44.45 x 21.59 x 55.11 cm Weight Starting at 49.6 lb; Starting at 22.5 kg (Exact weight depends on configuration) Sustainability ENERGY STAR® certified and EPEAT® registered configurations available8; Low halogen9; Ocean-bound plastic in the fans10; 19% post-consumer recycled plastic11; 10% ITE-derived closed loop plastic12; Bulk packaging available Compare Z8 Fury G5 Extreme Performance. Infinite Possibilities. Recommended for advanced datasets, ML/AI/DL, model training with extensive iteration, computer vision, natural language processing, data ETL, virtual production, in-camera VFX, real-time rendering, color grading and finishing, advanced simulation and analysis, computational fluid dynamics, finite element analysis. Learn More Operating system1 Windows 11 Pro, WSL2 or Linux® Processor2 Up to 56 cores in a single CPU, Intel® Xeon® W9 Graphics3 Up to 4 NVIDIA RTX™ A6000 or 2 AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 Memory4 Up to 2TB DDR5 ECC Storage5 Up to 120TB Expansion Slots6 8 PCIe slots (up to Gen 5) Power Supply7 Up to 2250W aggregate internal power supply, up to 90% efficiency, active PFC Dimensions 17.5 x 8.5 x 21.7 in; 44.45 x 21.59 x 55.11 cm Weight Starting at 48.6 lb; Starting at 22 kg (Exact weight depends on configuration) Sustainability ENERGY STAR® certified and EPEAT® registered configurations available8; Low halogen9; Ocean-bound plastic in the fans10; 19% post-consumer recycled plastic11; 10% ITE-derived closed loop plastic12; Bulk packaging available Compare Disclaimers * Starting at pricing is available from HP.com, is subject to change without notice, and does not apply to max available configurations or optional features. Retailer pricing may vary. Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers, software or BIOS update to take full advantage of Windows functionality. Windows is automatically updated and enabled. High speed internet and Microsoft account required. ISP fees may apply and additional requirements may apply over time for updates. See http://www.windows.com . Multicore is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering, branding and/or naming is not a measurement of higher performance. For the Z8 G5, 64 cores is enabled through installation of two CPUs. Multicore is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering, branding and/or naming is not a measurement of higher performance. Graphics are sold separately or as an optional feature. For the Z4 G5, two AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 GPUs is planned to be available in the first half of 2023. For the Z6 G5, three NVIDIA RTX™ A6000 GPUs are only configurable on the 1450W power supply (in 200V countries, which does not include USA). For the Z8 G5, configuration for 2 AMD Radeon™ Pro W6800 GPUs is planned to be available in the second half of 2023. Optional, configurable features. For the Z6 G5, 1TB DDR5 ECC memory is planned to be available in the first half of 2023. Configurations for 2TB DDR5 ECC RAM are planned to be available in the first half of 2023. Error Correction Code (ECC) memory enables enhanced data reliability. ECC memory is only available on Intel® Xeon® processor options. Optional, configurable features. For the Z4 G5, configurations for 76TB storage is planned to be available in the first half of 2023 and requires after-market purchase. For the Z6 G5, configurations for 88TB of storage are planned to be available in the first half of 2023 and requires separate additional purchase. For the Z8 G5, configurations for 120TB storage is planned to be available in the second half of 2023 and requires after-market purchase. For the Z8 Fury G5, 120 TB storage are planned to be available in the first half of 2023 and requires separate additional purchase. For storage drives, GB = 1 billion bytes. TB = 1 trillion bytes. Actual formatted capacity is less. Up to 35GB is reserved for system recovery software. Sold separately or as an optional feature. Optional feature that must be configured at purchase. For the Z8 Fury G5, redundant and aggregate power requires configuring two 1125W power supplies at hardware purchase. Based on US EPEAT® registration according to IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT®. EPEAT® status varies by country. Visit www.epeat.net for more information. External power supplies, power cords, cables and peripherals are not low halogen. Service parts obtained after purchase may not be low halogen. Fans contain 25% ocean bound plastic by weight. Percentage of recycled plastic varies by platform. Recycled plastic content percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 standard. ITE-derived closed loop plastic content percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 standard. Product may differ from images depicted. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Intel, the Intel logo, Core and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.NVIDIA and Quadro are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. AMD is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ENERGY STAR® is a registered mark owned by the U.S. government. EPEAT® is a registered trademark of Green Electronics Council. Explore Z by HP Products Laptops Desktops & Rackables Monitors What is a Workstation? How We Make Workstations Tested, optimized and certified to power complex workflows, Z by HP high-performance workstation computers are engineered to outperform your typical PC. Get more done with extremely reliable devices and hybrid work solutions designed for demanding projects. From data analysis and visualization to real-time rendering, 3D design and animation — Z by HP Workstations drive the heaviest professional workflows. Z by HP Graphics  High-end Graphics Render and animate in real-time with high-end professional graphics options. Z by HP Workstations give you the detail and speed you need, plus application-specific features to optimize complex design modeling, dataset manipulation, visual effects and visualization. Z by HP Processors Advanced Processors Get high frequency performance with the latest generation Intel® Xeon® and Intel® Core™, including K-Series and vPro® processors,1,2 and seamlessly run demanding professional apps. Z by HP Memory Large Memory Configurations Run your largest applications simultaneously and save time with up to 128 GB RAM on Z by HP laptops and up to 1.5 TB of RAM on Z by HP desktops. Z by HP Workstations in Your Field IT Professionals Equip your workforce with highly secure, upgradable Z by HP Workstations and award-winning tech to make their workflow seamless, anywhere.   Learn More Creative, Media & Entertainment Pros Rip through 3D animation, visual effects, and real-time rendering with multi-core processors, large memory banks, and leading-edge graphics. Learn More Architects, Engineers and Construction Managers Deliver BIM, 3D modeling, and CAD projects reliably and in record time with certified hardware and applications from the world's leading software companies. Learn More Product Designers and Engineers Count on outstanding performance for rapid prototyping, simulation, additive manufacturing, 3D rendering and ray-tracing. Learn More Data Scientists and Analysts Rapidly train data models and create data visualizations with powerful desktop and mobile workstations. Learn More Software and Remote IT Solutions Z by HP Remote Access Solution Hybridize your Workflow A complete hardware and software solution to power your remote, leading-edge workforce HP Anyware Remote System Controller HP Anyware Remote System Controller A complete remote out-of-band management solution to manage a workstation fleet all from a single interface. HP Anyware Collaborate Remotely Access high-performance Z workstation power from anywhere with remote software.10 HP Services Services for Z by HP Workstations Empower your workforce with secure, seamless services for high-performance workflows. Built on HP Breakthroughs • Sustainability Better for People, Better for the Planet Here's why our TCO Certified, ENERGY STAR awarded and EPEAT assessed Z by HP portfolio helps protect our shared future.4  Learn More • Security Peace of Mind Security is our commitment – so you can focus on driving results. Find total confidence with HP Wolf Security for Business.5  Discover Now Design That Matters We know work can happen from anywhere and we care about what you do. That’s why we put our users at the heart of our design — crafting thin and light laptops with incredible battery life, mini desktops that fit your home setup, and towers with tool-less access for easy expansion. Z by HP devices combine passion for design with uncompromising usability and engineering excellence.  Insights from The Leading Edge  • Video CoCreated: The Story of a Breakthrough Design Collaboration See seven renowned artists in areas as disparate as 3D design and documentary photography come together to create a single, transformational project.  Watch the Video Follow Z by HP on Social Media Instagram X YouTube LinkedIn Facebook  Need Support for Your Z Workstation?  Go to Support Page Disclaimers  vPro® is available on Intel® Core™ i5-11500 and above processors.  Multicore is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel’s numbering, branding and/or naming is not a measurement of higher performance. For full Intel® vPro® functionality, Windows 10 Pro 64 bit, a vPro® supported processor, vPro® enabled chipset, vPro® enabled wired LAN and/or WLAN card and TPM 2.0 are required. Some functionality requires additional 3rd party software in order to run. See http://intel.com/vpro . Select materials meet GreenScreen® for Safer Chemicals' methodology. Applies to HP PCs, Workstations and Displays manufactured after January 2019. Based on most Gold and Silver EPEAT® registrations by meeting all required criteria and achieving 50-74% of the optional points for EPEAT® Silver and 75-100% of the optional points for EPEAT® Gold according to IEEE 1680.1-2018 EPEAT®. Status varies by country. Visit www.epeat.net for more information.  HP Wolf Security for Business requires Windows 10 or higher, includes various HP security features and is available on HP Pro, Elite, RPOS and Workstation products. See product details for included security features and OS requirement.  HP ZCentral Remote Boost Sender does not come preinstalled on Z Workstations but can be downloaded and run on all Z desktop and laptops without license purchase through 2022. With non-Z sender devices, purchase of perpetual individual license or perpetual floating license per simultaneously executing versions and purchase of ZCentral Remote Boost Software Support is required. ZCentral Remote Boost Sender for non-Z Hardware requires a license and Windows 10, RHEL/CentOS (7 or 8), or UBUNTU 18.04 or 20.04 LTS operating systems. macOS (10.14 or newer) operating system and ThinPro 7.2 are only supported on the receiver side. Requires network access. The software is available for download at hp.com/ZCentralRemoteBoost.  HP Proprietary survey of 1,267 ITDMs and full-time employed end-users, 25 years or older, in the US, France, and China – March, 2020. Percentage of recycled plastic varies by platform. Recycled plastic content percentage is based on the definition set in the IEEE 1680.1-2018 standard. The Z8 G5 is offered as dual-socket technology only. Network access required. Product may differ from images depicted. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.    Intel, the Intel logo, Core and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. NVIDIA and Quadro are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries. AMD is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. DisplayPort™ and the DisplayPort™ logo are trademarks owned by the Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA®) in the United States and other countries. USB Type-C® and USB-C® are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum.  Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas América Central Argentina Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Chile Colombia Ecuador México Paraguay Perú Puerto Rico United States Uruguay Venezuela Asia and Oceania Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh Hong Kong SAR India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore Sri Lanka Việt Nam ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 Europe, Middle East and Africa Africa Afrique België Belgique Česká republika Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France Hrvatska Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Middle East Nederland Nigeria Norge Österreich Polska Portugal România Saudi Arabia Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedCanada HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country Africa Afrique América Central Argentina Asia Pacific Australia Bangladesh België Belgique Bolivia Brasil Canada Canada - Français Caribbean Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Ecuador Eesti España France Hong Kong SAR Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia Latvija Lietuva Magyarország Malaysia México Middle East Nederland New Zealand Nigeria Norge Österreich Pakistan Paraguay Perú Philippines Polska Portugal Puerto Rico România Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovenija Slovensko South Africa Sri Lanka Suisse Suomi Sverige Switzerland Türkiye United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Việt Nam Ελλάδα България Казахстан Србија Україна ישראל الشرق الأوسط المملكة العربية السعودية ไทย 中华人民共和国 臺灣 地區 日本 香港特別行政區 한국 popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us About Us About Us Contact HP Careers Sustainable impact Newsroom Tech Takes HP Printables Newsletter Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Find a reseller Support Support Support Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Register your product Authorized service providers Check repair status HP Partners HP Partners HP Amplify Partner Program Stay connected Stay connected Recalls| Product recycling| Supply Chain Act| Privacy| Use of cookies| Terms of use| ©2025 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. &lt;p&gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&lt;/p&gt; Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play?