HP+ Printing - Extra warranty and free HP ink or toner - HP Store Canada --:--:-- English Français English Software & Drivers Technical Support Track My Order Contact HP Store Frequently Asked Questions For Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 For Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Shop by Phone Home Customers 1-877-231-4351 Mon-Fri 8am-9pm ET Sat-Sun 9am-9pm ET Business Customers 1-866-390-1160 Mon-Fri 9am-5pm ET Chat with us Our specialists are here to help from Monday – Friday: 8AM EST to 9PM EST, Saturday – Sunday: 9AM ends 9PM EST Submit feedback We value your opinion! Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert See more options My orders My quotes My saved cards My personal information My addresses Reset password Log Out WelcomeSign in New at HP Store? Create an accountTrack My Order more item(s) in your basket Subtotal Excludes Taxes and E-coupon discounts Go to basket Free shipping and Free 30-day returns Laptops All Laptops Home Laptops Business Laptops Gaming Laptops Touchscreen Laptops 2-in-1s Chromebooks Mobile Workstations Copilot+ PCs Help me choose a laptop Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Desktops All Desktops Home Desktops Business Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-Ones Towers Minis Workstations Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Workstations Mobile Workstations Desktops Monitors Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Configure your Business PC Monitors All Monitors Home Monitors Business Monitors Gaming Monitors 27" and more High resolution Curved USB-C Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Printers All Printers Home Printers Home Office Printers Business InkJet Printers LaserJet Printers Large Format Printers Tank Printers Scanners Help me choose a printer Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Discover HP+ Instant Ink Care Packs Ink & Toner Ink Toner Paper Printhead Instant Ink Recycling Program Accessories Mice Keyboards Pens Docking Stations & Hubs Chargers / Power Adapters Bags & Cases Audio, Video & Multimedia Webcams & Microphones Gaming Accessories PC Components Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide HyperX Gaming Poly Conferencing Solutions Search for Accessories & Warranties Gaming Laptops Desktops Monitors Microphones Mice Keyboards Mouse Pads Wrist Rests Headsets Earbuds Discover the range HyperX Business Laptops Desktops Monitors Printers Mobile Workstations Workstations Accessories Care Packs Business Deals Business Solutions Business Club Configure your Business PC Deals Explore Discover the wider range of HP products. Shop Find the perfect HP product to fit your needs. Laptops All Laptops Home Laptops Business Laptops Gaming Laptops Touchscreen Laptops 2-in-1s Chromebooks Mobile Workstations Copilot+ PCs Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Help me choose a laptop Desktops All Desktops Home Desktops Business Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-Ones Towers Minis Workstations Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Workstations Mobile Workstations Desktops Monitors Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Configure your Business PC Monitors All Monitors Home Monitors Business Monitors Gaming Monitors 27" and more High resolution Curved USB-C Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Printers All Printers Home Printers Home Office Printers Business InkJet Printers LaserJet Printers Large Format Printers Tank Printers Scanners Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Discover HP+ Instant Ink Care Packs Help me choose a printer Ink & Toner Ink Toner Paper Printhead Instant Ink Recycling Program Accessories Mice Keyboards Pens Docking Stations & Hubs Chargers / Power Adapters Bags & Cases Audio, Video & Multimedia Webcams & Microphones Gaming Accessories PC Components Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide HyperX Gaming Poly Conferencing Solutions Search for Accessories & Warranties Gaming Laptops Desktops Monitors Microphones Mice Keyboards Mouse Pads Wrist Rests Headsets Earbuds HyperX Discover the range Business Laptops Desktops Monitors Printers Mobile Workstations Workstations Accessories Care Packs Business Deals Business Solutions Business Club Configure your Business PC Deals Support Software & Drivers Technical Support Track My Order Contact HP Store Frequently Asked Questions Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Home Customers 1-877-231-4351 Business Customers 1-866-390-1160 Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert Chat with us Submit feedback See more options Languages Français English Support Contact our Technical Support or download Drivers and Software. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Employee store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Employee store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered to the HP Student Store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Friends & Family store. Thanks - you have successfully opted into our newsletter Error You have created your HP Online Store account. Welcome! Welcome {{firstName}}! You have successfully joined the HP Business Club Close Error Back Store Home HP+ Printing - Extra warranty and free HP ink or toner Contact us For Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 For Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Shop by Phone Home Customers Home Customers A Home Customer is an individual who purchases products or services for non-business use (i.e. for use wholly or mainly outside of their trade, business, craft or profession and not for commercial gain). 1-877-231-4351 Mon-Fri 8am-9pm ET Sat-Sun 9am-9pm ET Business Customers Business Customers A Business Customer is an individual or company purchasing products or services for professional use. 1-866-390-1160 Mon-Fri 9am-5pm ET Chat with us Our specialists are here to help from Monday – Friday: 8AM EST to 9PM EST, Saturday – Sunday: 9AM ends 9PM EST Submit feedback We value your opinion! Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert See more options We are currently unavailable or in a callPlease try again later.Monday-Friday 09:00 - 18:00 EST Saturday-Sunday 05:00 - 14:00 ESTFor technical support, call 1-800-474-6836 HP+ Printing Why HP+? HP+ FAQs Shop HP+ Printers Introducing HP+ Smart Printing Has Arrived HP+ is the smarter printing system that thinks ahead so your printer is ready when you are1, more secure, more productive, and more sustainable than ever. Choose HP+ and get up to 6 free months of Instant Ink5 and one extra year of HP warranty.* Shop HP+ Printers SMART PRINTER Ready when you are A cloud-connected HP+ printer is smarter—it keeps itself up to date, secure, and ready to print from virtually anywhere at any time.1,6 More SMART INK SUBSCRIPTION Never run out and save with Instant Ink Option to subscribe and save up to 50% on Original HP Ink or Toner, delivered when you’re running low. Up to 6 free months included with HP+.2,3,4,5 After 6 months, monthly fee applies unless cancelled. More SMART APP Productivity in your pocket Print and scan from the palm of your hand with the HP Smart app. Enjoy advanced scanning, mobile fax, and productivity features for 24 months with HP+.6 More SMART FOR THE PLANET Printing with a purpose HP+ puts our planet first with net zero-deforestation prints7 and closed-loop cartridge recycling.10 More Shop HP+ Printers HP+ FAQs What do I get with HP+? With HP+, you get all the innovation included with standard print hardware plus exclusive solutions and incentives. HP+ has the following exclusive benefits: An extended HP warranty for additional peace of mind Up to 6 months of HP Instant Ink⁵, a subscription service that ensures new ink or toner cartridges are delivered to your door before you ever run out.² After 6 months, monthly fee applies unless cancelled. New connected cloud that automatically detects and fixes connectivity issues1 New Smart Security settings monitoring system that detects and helps mitigate malware attacks6 New native in-OS printing to print from virtually anywhere on any device6 New Private Pickup feature releases documents only when you are at the printer New Forest First feature - HP+ puts our planet first with net zero-deforestation prints where we plant trees and protect forests in equal measure for every page you print.7 How do I get HP+? Buy an HP+ enabled printer. Confirm or activate HP+ during printer setup. Optionally, sign up for up to 6 months of Instant Ink within 7 days of setting up the printer.⁵ What are the requirements of HP+? HP+ requires an HP account, Internet connection, and use of Original HP Ink or Toner for the lifetime of the printer. Once activated, HP+ is embedded in the device and will require the use of Original HP Ink or Toner for the lifetime of the printer. Is HP+ a subscription? HP+ is not a subscription. It is a cloud-based printing solution embedded in select HP printers. There are no costs specifically associated with HP+ beyond the initial purchase of the printer. Is my printer eligible for HP+? Currently, HP+ is available with the HP LaserJet M200 Series, HP OfficeJet Pro 8000e and 9000e Series, DeskJet 2700e and 4100e Series, and ENVY 6000e and 6400e Series. You can expect to see HP+ expand to more countries and printers over time. Do I have to keep my Instant Ink subscription for HP+ to continue working? No. Customers can choose to participate in Instant Ink, which provides convenience and cost savings of up to 50 percent3,4, or purchase Original HP Ink or Toner directly from the retailer of their choice. HP+ printers requires the use of Original HP Ink or Toner to operate even after expiration of the Instant Ink trial. What if I don’t want HP+? HP customers have options when purchasing HP printers. There are functionally equivalent HP printers available without HP+. To buy the HP LaserJet M200 Series printer without HP+, you can purchase the standard version of the printer. To learn more, visit www.hp.com/standard. For HP OfficeJet Pro 8000e and 9000e Series printers, DeskJet 2700e and 4100e Series, and ENVY 6000e and 6400e Series, a customer can choose to skip HP+ activation during printer setup. What is HP standard? HP standard printers are printers available without the benefits of HP+. HP standard printers, however, are intended to work only with cartridges that have a new or reused HP chip or circuitry, and they use dynamic security measures to block cartridges using a non-HP chip or circuitry. Periodic firmware updates will maintain the effectiveness of these measures and block cartridges that previously worked. A reused HP chip or circuitry enables the use of reused, remanufactured, and refilled cartridges. Shop HP+ Printers How does HP+ make your printer smarter? Print with fewer connection problems With Smart Cloud Resilience, HP+ printers automatically detect and fix issues before they slow you down. The printer is ready when you are.1 24/7 built-in security HP+ printers with Smart Security stay two steps ahead of hackers by helping to prevent potential malware attacks and your information from ending up in the wrong hands. Works with virtually any device, any app, anywhere Print articles to read later, kid’s homework on the way home and even photos during the vacation. Virtually whenever, wherever, however you want to print, HP+ printers are ready.1 Keep your printing private No need to race to the printer after you hit print. HP+ printers with Private Pickup let you hit print now and pick up later when you’re right in front of the printer. Manage your printer in one place From monitoring ink levels to managing subscriptions, security and connectivity, the HP+ Smart Dashboard is a smart way to keep an eye on all things print related. X How HP+ makes getting ink and toner smarter with Instant Ink Get ink or toner delivered before you run out When you're running low your printer tells us, and we automatically ship the cartridges you need to your door. Recycling and shipping included.2 Save up to 50% on Original HP Ink or Toner3,4 Subscribe to save up to 50% on Original HP Ink or Toner when you enroll in Instant Ink or Toner.3,4 6 free months of Instant Ink included with HP+5 After 6 months, monthly fee applies unless cancelled. With HP+, you can print up to 1,500 pages a month for free for six months. Experience the freedom to print and never run out.5 Flexible plans, cancel any time With the Instant Ink flexible monthly plans, you only pay for what you use. Plus, with no contract or annual fee, you can change your plan at any time. Starting at $0.99 a month. X How HP+ makes the Smart app smarter Professional-grade phone scanning Contracts, business-trip receipts, your daughter’s doodle—scan any number of pages at once. Advanced features put a professional-grade scanner in the palm of your hand that crops, flattens, smooths, and lets you edit documents. Goodbye fax machine, hello mobile fax Nowadays you don’t need a fax machine to send a fax. With mobile faxing, you can easily send a secure fax right from your phone. A new lease, medical documents, contracts—whatever you need to fax you can now fax freely. Time-saving shortcuts Scan, attach, send and file those nagging expense receipts with just one tap. Advanced shortcuts work with Google Drive, DropBox, and more to make it quick and easy to get your documents to the right place or person. X How HP+ is smart for the planet Net zero-deforestation prints7 With HP+ we plant trees and protect forests in equal measure for every page you print.7 Turns old cartridges into new cartridges Plastic waste is a big problem. With Instant Ink, your cartridges won’t be part of it. Just send us your used ink cartridges in our prepaid envelopes, and we’ll recycle them to create new cartridges.10 X *HP+ requires an HP account, ongoing internet connection, and use of only Original HP Ink or Toner. Smart Printer: Improved printer connectivity utilizing Smart Driver and Print/Scan Doctor technology in the HP+ system, versus HP consumer printers without HP+. Never run out: Based on plan usage, Internet connection to eligible HP printer, valid credit/debit card, email address, and delivery service in your geographic area. Instant Ink Savings (ink): Based on monthly subscription cost of HP Instant Ink 700-page plans without purchase of additional sets of pages compared to cost per page to print ISO/IEC 24711 pages on most in-class, traditional A4 color inkjet cartridge printers & MFPs using original standard capacity cartridges priced for: Australia www.keypointintelligence.com/HPInstantInk. Instant Ink Savings (toner): Based on monthly subscription cost for U.S. and Canada for toner HP Instant Ink1,500 page plan vs. transactional cost per page of in-class monochrome A4 laser printers and MFPs < $450 USD that use original, standard-capacity integrated cartridges (toner and drum in one cartridge). Buyers Lab April 2020 study commissioned by HP, based on research of publicly available information as of 04/24/2020. Printers selected by market share as reported by IDC Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker - Final Historical 2019Q4 for U.S. and Canada. For details and latest report, see: www.keypointintelligence.com/HPTonerService. 6 months of Instant Ink: Instant Ink sign up required. Instant Ink not available in all countries. Subject to monthly page limit of plan selected. Must complete Instant Ink signup within 7 days of setting up the printer with the HP-recommended setup process as indicated in the instructions that came with your printer. Unless service is cancelled within the promotional period online at www.hpinstantink.com, a monthly service fee, based on the plan chosen, plus tax and overage fees will be charged to your credit/debit card. Customer will be charged for any overage fees and applicable taxes at the end of each month in the promotional period. Use of in-box ink or toner cartridge is included in period of offer. One offer redeemable per printer. Included months offer with Instant Ink subject to change after 10.31.2021. Offer cannot be redeemed for cash. Setup Offer may be combined with other offers; see terms and conditions of the other offer for more details. Requires a valid credit/debit card, an email address, and Internet connection to printer. See additional offer information available during online signup process. For service details, see www.hpinstantink.com. HP Smart app: Requires the HP Smart app download. For details on local printing requirements see www.hp.com/go/mobileprinting. Certain features/software are available in English language only, and differ between desktop and mobile applications. Subscription may be required. Subscription may not be available in all countries. See details at www.hpinstantink.com. Internet access required and must be purchased separately. HP account required for full functionality. List of supported operating systems available in app stores. Fax capabilities are for sending a fax only. After 24 months, monthly fee applies to continue advanced features with HP Smart Advance. HP Smart Advance is not available in all countries. For more information, see www.hpsmart.com. Net zero-deforestation prints: See additional details at www.hp.com/go/sustainableimpact. Investment includes NGO partnerships targeted to protect forests, improve responsible forest management and help develop Science Based Targets (SBT) for responsible management of forests. Dual-band Wi-Fi™: Wireless operations are compatible with 2.4 GHz and 5.0 GHz operations only. Learn more at hp.com/go/mobileprinting. Wi-Fi is a registered mark of Wi-Fi Alliance®. Supports both 5.0 GHz and 2.4 GHz using up to 112 non-overlapping channels v. only 3 non-overlapping channels for 2.4 GHz only. Supports 5.0 GHz band (up to 150 mbps) v. 2.4 GHz band (up to 72.2 mbps). Internet access must be purchased separately. Fastest two-sided printing: Compared to in-class monochrome laser printers and MFPs less than $210 USD or 220€ for single function or less than $310 USD or 320€ for multifunction, all with a published max monthly duty cycle of 20,000 or lower. Buyers Lab September 2020 study commissioned by HP, based on a research survey OEM published specifications publicly available information as of 09/01/2020. Market share as reported by IDC Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker - Final Historical 2020Q2 for North America and EMEA. For details: keypointintelligence.com/HPFastestDuplexRequires the HP Smart app download. For details on local printing requirements see hp.com/go/mobileprinting. Certain features/software are available in English language only, and differ between desktop and mobile applications. HP+ Print Plans subscription may be required. HP+ Print Plans not available in all countries. See details at hpprintplans.com. Internet access required and must be purchased separately. HP account required for full functionality. List of supported operating systems available in app stores. Fax capabilities are for sending a fax only, and may require additional purchase. For more information, see hpsmart.com/mobile-fax. Cartridge recycling: Where the Planet Partners program is available. For details: hp.com/hprecycle. ? Free Shipping + Free Returns Shop by phone Back to top Mobile Version LATEST PRODUCTS & OFFERS Weekly Deals SMB Business Deals Special Offers Home & Student Newsletter Sign-up Business Newsletter Sign-up HP Business Club Sign-up Black Friday 2025 Cyber Monday 2025 Boxing Week 2025 FAQs Frequently asked questions Holiday Shopping Policies Track your order Shipping & Delivery information How to make a return Price Match Policy USEFUL LINKS Terms & Conditions Drivers & Software Technical Support POLY Technical Support HP Instant Ink Support HP Replacement Parts HP STORE LINKS HP Back to School Guide HP Business Buyer’s Guide HP Sustainability Buyer’s Guide HP Tech Takes Blog HP Business Club SMB Store HP Academy Student Store MY HP Registration / Sign In My Account My Orders My Addresses Reset your password Customer Service Contact HP Store ABOUT HP About HP HP & Environment HP Labs Recycling Twitter YouTube Facebook Privacy Statement Personal Data Rights Notice Using this site means you accept its terms Terms and conditions of Sales and Service HP Canada Co., 5150 Spectrum Way, Mississauga, ON L4W 5G2 © Copyright 2025 HP Development Company, L.P. Disclaimers Promotional pricing, including discount coupon codes, are not combinable with any other offers or discounts unless otherwise specifically advertised. Availability of discounts may be limited. Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers and/or software to take full advantage of Windows functionality. See https://www.microsoft.com VAT Switcher See our products with or without VAT Home Customers Show prices Including VAT OR Business Customers Show prices Excluding VAT You can change your choice at anytime by clicking the VAT link at the top of the screen. Join the HP Online Store Business Club for specialist advice and great value offers on our range of Business products. - See more INACTIVTY WARNING FOR YOUR SECURITY WE WILL AUTO-LOG YOU OUT, WITHIN THE NEXT 5 MINUTES, UNLESS YOU CLICK CONTINUE MY SESSION. KEEP ME LOGGED INLOGOUT YOU HAVE BEEN LOGGED OUT FOR YOUR SECURITY WE HAVE LOGGED YOU OUT OF YOUR HP ONLINE STORE ACCOUNT. TO LOG BACK IN, PLEASE CLICK ON THE BUTTON BELOW LOG ME BACK IN Enter Affiliate Passcode GO Exit Affiliate Catalog