HP Instant Ink | Ink and Toner Monthly Subscription - HP Store Canada --:--:-- English Français English Software & Drivers Technical Support Track My Order Contact HP Store Frequently Asked Questions For Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 For Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Shop by Phone Home Customers 1-877-231-4351 Mon-Fri 8am-9pm ET Sat-Sun 9am-9pm ET Business Customers 1-866-390-1160 Mon-Fri 9am-5pm ET Chat with us Our specialists are here to help from Monday – Friday: 8AM EST to 9PM EST, Saturday – Sunday: 9AM ends 9PM EST Submit feedback We value your opinion! Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert See more options My orders My quotes My saved cards My personal information My addresses Reset password Log Out WelcomeSign in New at HP Store? Create an accountTrack My Order more item(s) in your basket Subtotal Excludes Taxes and E-coupon discounts Go to basket Free shipping and Free 30-day returns Laptops All Laptops Home Laptops Business Laptops Gaming Laptops Touchscreen Laptops 2-in-1s Chromebooks Mobile Workstations Copilot+ PCs Help me choose a laptop Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Desktops All Desktops Home Desktops Business Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-Ones Towers Minis Workstations Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Workstations Mobile Workstations Desktops Monitors Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Configure your Business PC Monitors All Monitors Home Monitors Business Monitors Gaming Monitors 27" and more High resolution Curved USB-C Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Printers All Printers Home Printers Home Office Printers Business InkJet Printers LaserJet Printers Large Format Printers Tank Printers Scanners Help me choose a printer Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Discover HP+ Instant Ink Care Packs Ink & Toner Ink Toner Paper Printhead Instant Ink Recycling Program Accessories Mice Keyboards Pens Docking Stations & Hubs Chargers / Power Adapters Bags & Cases Audio, Video & Multimedia Webcams & Microphones Gaming Accessories PC Components Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide HyperX Gaming Poly Conferencing Solutions Search for Accessories & Warranties Gaming Laptops Desktops Monitors Microphones Mice Keyboards Mouse Pads Wrist Rests Headsets Earbuds Discover the range HyperX Business Laptops Desktops Monitors Printers Mobile Workstations Workstations Accessories Care Packs Business Deals Business Solutions Business Club Configure your Business PC Deals Explore Discover the wider range of HP products. Shop Find the perfect HP product to fit your needs. Laptops All Laptops Home Laptops Business Laptops Gaming Laptops Touchscreen Laptops 2-in-1s Chromebooks Mobile Workstations Copilot+ PCs Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Help me choose a laptop Desktops All Desktops Home Desktops Business Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-Ones Towers Minis Workstations Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Care Packs Workstations Mobile Workstations Desktops Monitors Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Configure your Business PC Monitors All Monitors Home Monitors Business Monitors Gaming Monitors 27" and more High resolution Curved USB-C Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Printers All Printers Home Printers Home Office Printers Business InkJet Printers LaserJet Printers Large Format Printers Tank Printers Scanners Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide Discover HP+ Instant Ink Care Packs Help me choose a printer Ink & Toner Ink Toner Paper Printhead Instant Ink Recycling Program Accessories Mice Keyboards Pens Docking Stations & Hubs Chargers / Power Adapters Bags & Cases Audio, Video & Multimedia Webcams & Microphones Gaming Accessories PC Components Weekly Deals Business Deals Hybrid Work Buyer's Guide HyperX Gaming Poly Conferencing Solutions Search for Accessories & Warranties Gaming Laptops Desktops Monitors Microphones Mice Keyboards Mouse Pads Wrist Rests Headsets Earbuds HyperX Discover the range Business Laptops Desktops Monitors Printers Mobile Workstations Workstations Accessories Care Packs Business Deals Business Solutions Business Club Configure your Business PC Deals Support Software & Drivers Technical Support Track My Order Contact HP Store Frequently Asked Questions Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Home Customers 1-877-231-4351 Business Customers 1-866-390-1160 Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert Chat with us Submit feedback See more options Languages Français English Support Contact our Technical Support or download Drivers and Software. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Employee store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Employee store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered to the HP Student Store. {{firstName}}, You have successfully registered for the HP Friends & Family store. Thanks - you have successfully opted into our newsletter Error You have created your HP Online Store account. Welcome! Welcome {{firstName}}! You have successfully joined the HP Business Club Close Error Back Store Home HP Instant Ink | Ink and Toner Monthly Subscription Contact us For Technical Support 1-800-474-6836 For Instant Ink Support 1-855-785-2777 Shop by Phone Home Customers Home Customers A Home Customer is an individual who purchases products or services for non-business use (i.e. for use wholly or mainly outside of their trade, business, craft or profession and not for commercial gain). 1-877-231-4351 Mon-Fri 8am-9pm ET Sat-Sun 9am-9pm ET Business Customers Business Customers A Business Customer is an individual or company purchasing products or services for professional use. 1-866-390-1160 Mon-Fri 9am-5pm ET Chat with us Our specialists are here to help from Monday – Friday: 8AM EST to 9PM EST, Saturday – Sunday: 9AM ends 9PM EST Submit feedback We value your opinion! Get live product demonstrations from our Live Expert See more options We are currently unavailable or in a callPlease try again later.Monday-Friday 09:00 - 18:00 EST Saturday-Sunday 05:00 - 14:00 ESTFor technical support, call 1-800-474-6836 HP Instant Ink Never run out and save up to 50%1 on ink Get ink, plus hassle-free delivery and recycling, all starting at $1.89 a month. Sign up now INSTANT INK INTRODUCTORY OFFER Sign up today and receive $12 credit when you enrol in HP Instant Ink. Watch how it works You can get Original HP Ink, plus hassle-free delivery and recycling all starting at $1.25 a month. Watch video How it works Buy printer To enroll in HP Instant Ink you need to have an eligible printer, which tells us when you're low on ink and orders it for you. + Sign up Pick a plan designed to fit your printing needs. You can change or cancel your plan online at any time and there's no annual fee. = Start saving Print high-quality photos or text — your cost is the same. Unused pages roll over and you can add additional pages for just a little more. View eligible printers Already have an eligible printer? Sign up now and get $12 Shop for a new instant ink eligible printer What do I get? Ink, shipping, and prepaid recycling are included Receive ink before you need them (not monthly), so you'll never run out Monitor print usage on the HP Smart app Printing Plans Print a little or a lot—there's an option for everyone. Your subscription includes ink, hassle-free delivery, and prepaid cartridge recycling. Ink Plans Light Printing $1.89 Monthly Up to 10 Pages Print less? Roll up to 30 unused pages6 Each additional set of 10 pages for just $1.25 Get started Occasional Printing $6.89 Monthly Up to 50 Pages Print less? Roll up to 150 unused pages6 Each additional set of 10 pages for just $1.25 Get started Recommended for homes Moderate Printing $8.79 Monthly Up to 100 Pages Print less? Roll up to 300 unused pages6 Each additional set of 10 pages for just $1.25 Get started Frequent Printing $16.39 Monthly Up to 300 Pages Print less? Roll up to 900 unused pages6 Each additional set of 10 pages for just $1.25 Get started Recommended for small businesses Business Printing $32.49 Monthly Up to 700 Pages Print less? Roll up to 2100 unused pages6 Each additional set of 10 pages for just $1.25 Get started 94% of our customers stay with Instant Ink Top questions See all FAQs Will HP Instant Ink work for my printer? HP Instant Ink works with nearly all printers 5 years old or less and that have a Wi-fi® connection. Check eligibility Will HP Instant Ink really save me money? Yes, most customers save up to 50%.1 Instant Ink cartridges hold more ink, use less packaging2, and ship automatically3, bringing down costs for HP, so we can pass the savings on to you. How soon will I get my Ink? You will receive your ink within 7-10 days of registering. Once enrolled, you’ll receive a Welcome Kit delivered to your door. The ink cartridge you receive is special and only works with HP Instant Ink. Read more Is HP Instant Ink worth It? Yes, HP Instant Ink customers are some of our happiest customers and we have over 5000, five-star reviews.9 Read more How does HP Instant Ink work? HP Instant Ink is based on pages, not cartridges. Choose a plan based on the number of pages you would like to print monthly. Read more All FAQs Plans How do I pick a plan? The best plan is based on your usage. If you don’t know how much you print, no problem, you can change or cancel your plan at any time, at no extra cost. Your dashboard in the HP Smart app5 will help you keep track of the number of pages you’ve printed for the month. The average family uses the 100 page plan and the average small business uses the 700 page plan How much is HP Instant Ink? We have plans to match all printing needs. Plans start at $1.89 for 10 pages per month and go up to $28.99 for 700 pages per month with our Ink Plans. All plans include ink, shipping and prepaid recycling. Do you save money with HP Instant Ink? Most customers save with HP Instant Ink versus standard Original HP Ink cartridges. Many customers save up to 50%1 on ink. Is HP Instant Ink a good value? Yes, most customers save up to 50%1 HP Instant ink cartridges hold more ink, use less packaging, and ship automatically, bringing down costs for HP, so we can pass the savings on to you. Subscription & account What do I need to sign up? An HP printer that is compatible with this service. An Internet connection for your printer. A valid email address. A valid payment method (for billing purposes): Credit card, direct debit, PayPal or HP Instant Ink Prepaid card*. *Not all payment methods may be available in all countries. Sign up now and get $12 How soon will I get my ink? You will receive your ink within 7-10 days of registering. Once enrolled, you’ll receive a Welcome Kit delivered to your door. The ink cartridge you receive is special and only works with HP Instant Ink. Your next shipment of ink will be sent only when ink levels are low, not monthly. No need to worry, because your printer drops us a note and your next set of cartridges will be automatically dispatched.3 Simply return the old cartridges with prepaid recycling. Is HP Instant Ink worth It? Yes, HP Instant Ink customers are some of our happiest customers and we have over 5000, five-star reviews.9 With Instant Ink you will always have ink when you need it. Ink is delivered automatically3 when you run low, not necessarily every month. Most customers save on ink and many save up to 50%1 versus buying traditional ink cartridges. Instant ink cartridges hold more ink, use less packaging, and ship automatically3, bringing down costs for HP, so we can pass the savings on to you. No more Ink rationing. Every page costs the same - print high-resolution photos or color documents for the same price as black and white documents. Hassle-free recycling is included, simply return the old cartridges with prepaid recycling. What do I get? Once enrolled, you’ll receive a Welcome Kit within 7 working days delivered to your door. The ink cartridge you receive only works with HP Instant Ink. Your next shipment of ink will be sent only when ink levels are low, not monthly. No need to worry, because your printer drops us a note and your next set of cartridges will be automatically dispatched.3 Simply return the old cartridges with prepaid recycling. What if my printing varies? Don’t worry. You can change or cancel your plan anytime.8 And there’s no annual fee. If you print less one month, pages rollover.6 If you print more, then you can purchase extra pages, sets of 10-50 pages for $1.00 (pages per set varies by plan). What happens to my unused pages? If you do not use all your plan pages in a month, the unused pages will be kept in your account as rollover pages.6 Ink plans can roll over 3x the number of pages in your plan (150 pages if on the 50-page plan) . Where is HP Instant Ink available? HP Instant Ink is currently available in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan. As well as, to any customer residing in a country within the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom that provides a delivery address within: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Poland, Hungary, Czech Republic, Greece, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia and Bulgaria. We’re planning on expanding, so keep checking back for updates on when HP Instant Ink will be available in other countries. There are some regions or locations in the UK that are not eligible for the HP Instant Ink program, these include: The Channel Islands (Jersey and Guernsey), Alderney, Sark, Herm and Gibraltar. What is HP Instant Ink? Instant Ink is HP’s hassle-free, money-saving ink subscription service. Plans start at $1.25 a month and covers ink, shipping, and a prepaid recycling. With HP Instant Ink, you will receive ink when your printer runs low, not every month. Your printer notifies us when it’s low and we will ship ink to you so you always have ink when you need it. You can enjoy total flexibility with Instant Ink. Unused pages rollover6 and you can add extra pages to your plan. Plus, you can change plans or cancel anytime.8 Can you opt out of HP Instant Ink? Yes, you can opt out of HP Instant Ink. There is no requirement to use HP Instant Ink. If you sign up for HP Instant Ink, you can always cancel or change plans at anytime.8 What happens if you cancel HP Instant Ink? If you decide to cancel your HP Instant Ink, you can go back to using HP original Standard or XL cartridges. HP Instant Ink cartridges will not work after the end of the current billing cycle in which you cancel. To continue printing after your billing cycle ends, make sure you have standard replacement ink cartridges ready to use in your printer. How do you cancel HP Instant Ink? You can cancel your HP Instant Ink printing plan or change plans at anytime.8 To change your plan or cancel your service, log in at hpinstantink.com/users/signin. Can I use HP Instant Ink without a subscription? No. HP Instant Ink is a subscription service. We have plans to match any level of printing needs, starting at $0.99 a month. You can cancel or change your subscription at anytime.8 What happens if I don’t want HP Instant Ink? If you no longer want HP Instant Ink, you can cancel or change your subscprtion at any time8 by logging into your account at hpinstantink.com/users/signin. Will HP Instant Ink work without Wi-fi®? HP Instant Ink requires an internet connection for your printer. In order for us to send you ink when you’re running low, we need a Wi-fi® connection to monitor your ink levels. How is HP Instant Ink different than Original HP Ink? HP Instant Ink is the HP ink subscription services that uses Original HP Ink cartridges. With HP Instant Ink, ink is sent to you when you’re running low so you always have new cartridges when you need them. With the subscription service, customers can save up to 50%1 on cartridge costs. How can I get help with my existing Instant Ink subscription? To get help with an Instant Ink subscription that you are currently enrolled in, please call 1-855-785-2777. Ink cartridges How do I save? We make larger cartridges with less packaging, ship when ink is needed, before you run out, and recycle cartridges. This means HP can pass these savings on to you and the environment.10 Also, with HP Instant ink, every page counts the same so you can print as many color documents or photos as you want, they cost the same as black and white. Does HP Instant Ink include black and color cartridges? HP Original Ink black and color cartridges are included in your HP Instant Ink subscription. With an ink plan, go ahead and print in color because color prints are the same price as black and white. Printer compatibility How do I get started? If you already have an eligible HP Printer, then click here to try HP Instant Ink. If you need a printer, then check out the store to buy an eligible printer. Is my printer eligible for HP Instant Ink? HP Instant Ink works with nearly all printers 5 years old or less and that have a wi-fi® connection. Check if your printer model is eligible. Can I use my HP printer without HP Instant Ink? Yes, you can use an HP printer without HP Instant Ink. HP Instant Ink is our Ink Subscription service that can save you up to 50%1 on ink and will ensure you always have ink when you need it. You never have to worry about running out of ink again. We recommend that HP Printer owners enroll in HP Instant Ink and we have over 5000 5 star reviews.9 But there is no requirement to enroll in Instant Ink with an HP printer. INSTANT INK INTRODUCTORY OFFER Sign up today and receive $12 credit when you enrol in HP Instant Ink. Sign up now Need help with your existing Instant Ink subscription? Chat with a Virtual Agent Call for support: 1-855-785-2777 HP Instant Ink ready printers Shop eligible printers × If you don't see your printer listed here, it is not eligible for the HP Instant Ink replacement service.* HP DeskJet 2620 Series HP DeskJet 2650 Series HP DeskJet 2670 Series HP DeskJet 2680 Series HP DeskJet 2720 Series HP DeskJet 2720e Series HP DeskJet 2740e Series HP DeskJet 2750 Series HP DeskJet 2750e Series HP DeskJet 3630 Series HP DeskJet 3720 Series HP DeskJet 3750 Series HP DeskJet 3770 Series HP DeskJet 4130e Series HP DeskJet 4150e Series HP DeskJet Plus 4130 Series HP DeskJet Plus 4140 Series HP DeskJet Plus 4150 Series HP ENVY 4500 Series HP ENVY 4510 Series HP ENVY 4520 Series HP ENVY 5010 Series HP ENVY 5050 Series HP ENVY 5070 Series HP ENVY 5530 Series HP ENVY 5540 Series HP ENVY 5640 Series HP ENVY 5660 Series HP ENVY 6050 Series HP ENVY 6050e Series HP ENVY 6060e Series HP ENVY 6070 Series HP ENVY 6450e Series HP ENVY 7210 Series HP ENVY 7220e Series HP ENVY 7250e Series HP ENVY 7640 Series HP ENVY 7950e Series HP ENVY Photo 6250 Series HP ENVY Photo 7120 Series HP ENVY Photo 7150 Series HP ENVY Photo 7160 Series HP ENVY Photo 7850 Series HP ENVY Photo 7860 Series HP ENVY Pro 6450 Series HP ENVY Pro 6470 Series HP OfficeJet 3830 Series HP OfficeJet 4630 Series HP OfficeJet 4650 Series HP OfficeJet 5250 Series HP OfficeJet 5260 Series HP OfficeJet 5740 Series HP OfficeJet 6810 Series HP OfficeJet 6950 Series HP OfficeJet 8010 Series HP OfficeJet 8010e Series HP OfficeJet 9010 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 6830 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 6960 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 6970 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8020 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8020e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8030 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8030e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8210 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8610 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8620 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8630 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8710 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8720 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 8740 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9010 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9010e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9020 Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9020e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9110e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9120e Series HP OfficeJet Pro 9130e Series HP Tango Series HP Tango X Series HP LaserJet M110 Series HP LaserJet M130 Series HP LaserJet M140 Series HP LaserJet M200 Series HP LaserJet M230 Series Shop eligible printers Close How soon will I get my ink? × You will receive your ink within 7-10 days of registering. Once enrolled, you’ll receive a Welcome Kit delivered to your door. The ink or toner cartridge you receive is special and only works with HP Instant Ink. Your next shipment of ink or toner will be sent only when ink or toner levels are low, not monthly. No need to worry, because your printer drops us a note and your next set of cartridges will be automatically dispatched. Simply return the old cartridges with prepaid recycling. Is HP Instant Ink Worth It? × Yes, HP Instant Ink customers are some of our happiest customers and we have over 5000, five-star reviews. With Instant Ink you will always have ink when you need it. Ink is delivered automatically when you run low, not necessarily every month. Most customers save on ink and many save up to 50% versus buying traditional ink cartridges. Instant ink cartridges hold more ink, use less packaging, and ship automatically, bringing down costs for HP, so we can pass the savings on to you. No more Ink rationing. Every page costs the same - print high-resolution photos or color documents for the same price as black and white documents. Hassle-free recycling is included. We send you a postage-paid envelope…just drop it in the mail and we do the rest. How does HP Instant Ink work? × HP Instant Ink is based on pages, not cartridges. Choose a plan based on the number of pages you would like to print monthly. Your monthly fee allows you to use our subscription cartridges to print your plan pages and includes ink or toner, delivery, and recycling. HP Instant Ink is flexible. And don't worry if your printing needs change. You can easily change your plan anytime or cancel the service without penalties. You can roll over unused pages month to month (the amount of pages you can accumulate varies by plan), or if you print more, you'll automatically purchase sets of 10-50 pages for $1.00 (pages per set varies by plan). Your plan can be changed at any time to accommodate your printing needs. Once you sign up for the Service, forget about going to the store again to buy cartridges! We send you HP Instant Ink subscription cartridges when you first sign up. Replacement cartridges are sent when your printer tells HP you need more ink or toner, not by the month. Disclaimers Savings Claim (Ink): Based on monthly subscription cost of HP Instant Ink 700-page plans without purchase of additional sets of pages compared to cost per page to print ISO/IEC 24711 pages on most in-class, traditional A4 color inkjet cartridge printers & MFPs using original standard capacity cartridges priced for: Australia www.keypointintelligence.com/HPInstantInk. Less packaging: Compared with non-subscription purchase and distribution of the same HP Ink cartridges in stores. Based on a 2020 life cycle assessment (LCA) performed by Four Elements Consulting and commissioned by HP. Automatic Delivery: Printers require direct connection to the Internet for program participation. Internet access sold separately. Never Run Out: Based on plan usage, Internet connection to eligible HP printer, valid payment method, email address, and delivery service in your geographic area. HP Smart app: Requires the HP Smart app download. For details on local printing requirements see www.hp.com/go/mobileprinting. Certain features/software are available in English language only, and differ between desktop and mobile applications. Subscription may be required. Subscription may not be available in all countries. See details at www.hpinstantink.com. Internet access required and must be purchased separately. HP account required for full functionality. List of supported operating systems available in app stores. Fax capabilities are for sending a fax only. After 24 months, monthly fee applies to continue advanced features with HP Smart Advance. HP Smart Advance is not available in all countries. For more information, see www.hpsmart.com. Rollover plan pages: Rollover allows unused pages in a month to be placed in a rollover account and then applied to pages in excess of your monthly allowance. The rollover account balance is limited to a maximum of two times your monthly service plan pages on Toner plans and three times your monthly service plan pages on Ink plans (Toner example: you can roll over up to 100 pages if you are on the 50 page plan. Ink example: you can roll over up to 300 pages if you are enrolled in a 100 page plan). The sustainable option: www.hp.com/go/sustainableimpact Change or cancel anytime: Change or cancel your plan at any time online. If you decide to cancel your HP Instant Ink you can go back to using HP original Standard or XL cartridges. Plan upgrades are effective immediately and the charges will be applied retrospectively or in the next billing cycle, depending on user choice. Plan downgrades and cancellations are effective after the last day of the current billing period. For full details go to hpinstantink.com/terms. Five Star Reviews: Keypoint Intelligence April 2021 study commissioned by HP, based on a research survey of publicly available information as of 04/30/2021. Reviews were given for both consumer and business plan Instant Ink Service. Please see www.keypointintelligence.com/HPInstantInkReviews for more details. Recycling: Program availability varies. Original HP cartridge return and recycling is currently available in more than 60 countries, territories and regions in Asia, Africa, Europe, and North and South America through the HP Planet Partners program. For details, see hp.com/recycle. Refer-a-Friend: Customer is responsible for any overage fees and applicable taxes during the free months of service. Offer valid in any country (a “Participating Country”) where (i) HP Instant Ink service is provided and (ii) the Refer-a-Friend (RAF) program is active, provided that both the existing customer and the referred customer reside in Participating Countries. Offer may vary by country and/or date. Must be 18+. At the end of the promotional period, unless service is cancelled at hpinstantink.com, a monthly service fee, based on the plan chosen, plus taxes and potential/applicable Overage Fees will be charged to your credit/debit card. For existing customers referring HP Instant Ink, only qualified referrals (as defined in HP Instant Ink terms and conditions) are eligible for free service offered by RAF program, equivalent to the then-current service plan chosen. There is no limit to the number of free months existing customers can earn under the RAF program. Referred customers must use a referral link or code to activate enrollment, limited to one referral code/link per printer. Requires creation of HP Smart and HP Instant Ink accounts and acceptance of terms of service at HP Instant Ink Terms of Service. Offer cannot be redeemed for cash except as required by law. The program incentive may be combined with other offers provided by HP - see full RAF terms and conditions for details. Requires eligible printer, online enrollment, valid payment method, email address and Internet connection to printer. Savings Claim (Toner): Based on monthly subscription cost for U.S. and Canada for toner HP Instant Ink 1500 page plan vs. transactional cost per page of in-class monochrome A4 laser printers and MFPs < $450 USD that use original, standard-capacity integrated cartridges (toner and drum in one cartridge). Buyers Lab April 2020 study commissioned by HP, based on research of publicly available information as of 04/24/2020. Printers selected by market share as reported by IDC Quarterly Hardcopy Peripherals Tracker - Final Historical 2019Q4 for U.S. and Canada. For details and latest report, see: www.keypointintelligence.com/HPTonerService. ? Free Shipping + Free Returns Shop by phone Back to top Mobile Version LATEST PRODUCTS & OFFERS Weekly Deals SMB Business Deals Special Offers Home & Student Newsletter Sign-up Business Newsletter Sign-up HP Business Club Sign-up Black Friday 2025 Cyber Monday 2025 Boxing Week 2025 FAQs Frequently asked questions Holiday Shopping Policies Track your order Shipping & Delivery information How to make a return Price Match Policy USEFUL LINKS Terms & Conditions Drivers & Software Technical Support POLY Technical Support HP Instant Ink Support HP Replacement Parts HP STORE LINKS HP Back to School Guide HP Business Buyer’s Guide HP Sustainability Buyer’s Guide HP Tech Takes Blog HP Business Club SMB Store HP Academy Student Store MY HP Registration / Sign In My Account My Orders My Addresses Reset your password Customer Service Contact HP Store ABOUT HP About HP HP & Environment HP Labs Recycling Twitter YouTube Facebook Privacy Statement Personal Data Rights Notice Using this site means you accept its terms Terms and conditions of Sales and Service HP Canada Co., 5150 Spectrum Way, Mississauga, ON L4W 5G2 © Copyright 2025 HP Development Company, L.P. Disclaimers Promotional pricing, including discount coupon codes, are not combinable with any other offers or discounts unless otherwise specifically advertised. Availability of discounts may be limited. Not all features are available in all editions or versions of Windows. Systems may require upgraded and/or separately purchased hardware, drivers and/or software to take full advantage of Windows functionality. See https://www.microsoft.com VAT Switcher See our products with or without VAT Home Customers Show prices Including VAT OR Business Customers Show prices Excluding VAT You can change your choice at anytime by clicking the VAT link at the top of the screen. Join the HP Online Store Business Club for specialist advice and great value offers on our range of Business products. - See more INACTIVTY WARNING FOR YOUR SECURITY WE WILL AUTO-LOG YOU OUT, WITHIN THE NEXT 5 MINUTES, UNLESS YOU CLICK CONTINUE MY SESSION. KEEP ME LOGGED INLOGOUT YOU HAVE BEEN LOGGED OUT FOR YOUR SECURITY WE HAVE LOGGED YOU OUT OF YOUR HP ONLINE STORE ACCOUNT. TO LOG BACK IN, PLEASE CLICK ON THE BUTTON BELOW LOG ME BACK IN Enter Affiliate Passcode GO Exit Affiliate Catalog