Apple Pay - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Pay Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Transit Add a card, Apple Pay. Set up Apple Pay in seconds. Learn how Apple Pay Pay the Apple way. Add a card Faster and easier than using cards or cash. Pay in full or over time. Privacy and security built in. Accepted on a growing number of websites and apps. It’s ready and set. Just go. Set up in seconds. Right on your iPhone. Apple Pay is built into iPhone, Apple Watch, Mac, iPad and Apple Vision Pro. To get started on iPhone, open the Wallet app and tap the plus symbol. Then add a credit or debit card by tapping the back of your iPhone with your eligible card.1 You’ll have the option to add your card to your other devices at the same time. When you want to pay, just double-click, tap, and you’re set. You still get all your card’s rewards and benefits — so you won’t miss out on any hard-earned points or miles. How to add a card New Pay the way that works for you. Apple Pay gives you flexibility at checkout. When you shop online and in apps with iPhone and iPad, you can pay in full or split your purchases into smaller payments over time through an eligible card or other pay later provider.2 How to pay online with iPhone An easier way to pay for transit in Toronto. A fast and easy way to pay for transit throughout the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area with your PRESTO card or credit card.* With Express Mode, just hold your device near the reader and go — no need to use Face ID, Touch ID, or even wake or unlock your device. So paying on trains, buses and streetcars is quick and easy. Learn more about using Apple Pay on transit Easy. Does it all. Grab from the corner cafe. Order a new online. Have delivered. Subscribe to . Get from a vending machine. And from the supermarket. Just look for or when you check out. At stores and more. Apple Pay is widely accepted, so you can likely use it wherever and however you want. If you’re not sure, just ask. Apple Pay works anywhere that takes contactless payments — from vending machines and grocery stores to taxis and subway stations. In apps and online. Use Apple Pay to seamlessly make purchases in Safari and other browsers — on iPhone, iPad, Mac and other computers — without the lengthy checkout forms. On an Apple device, click or tap the Apple Pay button and pay with a touch or glance. On a non-Apple device, scan the Apple Pay code with your iPhone camera and use your iPhone to complete your purchase.4 You can even use Apple Pay to subscribe to services like Apple Music, Apple News+ and Apple TV+, buy apps and games on the App Store, and upgrade your iCloud storage. How to pay with Safari on Mac How to pay in more browsers Safe and sound. And secure. Personal data. Protected. When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants. If you prefer not to share your email address with merchants when paying online, you can use Hide My Email to generate unique, random email addresses that automatically forward to your personal inbox. Your purchases stay private. When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. Tap more. Touch less. Apple Pay works right from your device, helping you avoid touching buttons and terminals, handling cards and exchanging cash. Every purchase requires Face ID, Touch ID or a passcode — helping to keep your security in your hands. Questions? Answers. How do I use Apple Pay? You can use Apple Pay to make purchases in stores, on websites and in apps. It’s widely accepted, simple, safe, secure and private. Learn how to use Apple Pay in stores How to pay with Safari on Mac How to pay in store with iPhone Learn how to use Apple Pay on websites Learn how to use Apple Pay in apps Learn how to pay in installments How secure is Apple Pay? Apple Pay is safer than using a physical credit, debit or prepaid card. Face ID, Touch ID or your passcode are required for purchases on your iPhone, Apple Watch, Mac or iPad. Your card number and identity aren’t shared with merchants, and your actual card numbers aren’t stored on your device or on Apple servers. When you pay in stores, neither Apple nor your device will send your actual card number to merchants. When you pay online in Safari or in apps, the merchant will only receive information you authorize to fulfil your order — such as your name, email address, and billing and shipping addresses. When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. Learn more about Apple Pay security and privacy How do I set up Apple Pay? Adding a credit or debit card is as easy as opening the Wallet app, tapping the plus symbol and tapping the back of your iPhone with an eligible card.1 Or add a card manually — open the Wallet app, tap the plus symbol and follow the steps onscreen. You’ll have to verify your information with your bank or card issuer. If you have a paired Apple Watch, you’ll also have the option to add the card to your watch. If you upgrade your iPhone, you can transfer your cards to the new device in one easy step. If you’d like to add a credit, debit or prepaid card directly to Apple Watch, Mac, iPad or Apple Vision Pro, you can visit Apple Support to learn more about how to add your card to other Apple devices. Add a card Which banks support Apple Pay? Apple Pay works with major credit and debit cards from banks around the world, with more added all the time. You can see all the banks that support Apple Pay here. If your card does not yet support Apple Pay, contact your bank for more information. Does it cost extra to use Apple Pay? No. Apple does not charge any fees when you use Apple Pay — in stores, online or in apps. Can I use Apple Pay abroad? Apple Pay works in countries and regions that support contactless payments. Confirm with your bank, and ask about any fees they may charge for overseas usage. How can my business accept Apple Pay? If your business already accepts credit and debit cards, simply contact your payment provider to start accepting Apple Pay. If you want to accept Apple Pay on your website or in your app, visit Apple Pay for developers. Does my business need any special equipment to accept Apple Pay? With Tap to Pay on iPhone, you can use an iPhone to accept contactless payments through an app supported by any of the participating payment service providers. No extra terminal or hardware is required.3 If you already have a payment terminal, contact your payment service provider to find out if it accepts contactless payments. How do I let my customers know I accept Apple Pay? Download the Apple Pay mark to use within email, on your terminal screen, on your website and in your app. You can also order Apple Pay decals to put on your storefront window and register. Download the decal and guidelines View online marketing guidelines Order Apple Pay decals for your store Add Apple Pay to your Maps listing Wallet Carry one thing. Everything. Learn more Set up Apple Pay on your Apple device. iPhone Open the Wallet app and tap to add a card. Apple Watch Open the Apple Watch app on your iPhone, tap Wallet & Apple Pay, and then tap Add Card. iPad Go to Settings Wallet & Apple Pay, and tap Add Card. Mac On models with Touch ID, go to System Preferences Wallet & Apple Pay, and tap Add Card. For more information, visit the Apple Pay setup support page. Apple Footer * To use Express Mode with a credit card in Wallet, you need an iPhone SE (2016) or iPhone 6s or later with iOS 12.3 or later, or an Apple Watch Series 1 or later with watchOS 5.2.1 or later. To add a PRESTO card to Wallet, you need an iPhone SE (2nd Gen) or iPhone 8 or later with iOS 16.4 or later, or an Apple Watch Series 4 or later with watchOS 9.4 or later. PRESTO in Apple Wallet can be used across the GTA Hamilton area. PRESTO in Apple Wallet is not accepted on OC Transpo in Ottawa. Payment cards can only be used for adult full fares. Credit cards and internationally issued Visa and Mastercard debit cards can be used with Express Transit in Wallet. Interac debit cards can be used by double-clicking on the side-button on the device. Must have an eligible and supported card. Not available in all markets. To use this feature, your card’s NFC technology must be activated and you may need to enter your card’s security code during setup. Software requirements apply. To ensure that you have all features of this product, update your iPhone to the latest software version. Paying over time on Apple Pay: Loans not offered by Apple. All loans are offered by your lending provider and are subject to the lending provider’s eligibility requirements and approval, as well as other lending provider terms. Not available in all markets, and may not be available for all types of purchases, such as subscriptions and recurring transactions. Must have an eligible card. This feature is only available through Apple Pay online and in apps, on iPhone or iPad. Not available in‑store. iOS 18 or iPadOS 18 or later required. To ensure you have all features of this product, update your device to the latest software version. Additional eligibility requirements may apply. For more eligibility and feature details, see support.apple.com/en-ca/120477. Depending on your card, to avoid paying off your loan early you may need to adjust how you pay your card’s bill. For example, your entire loan may be reflected in the statement balance of your card, and thus paying your statement balance (instead of, for example, the minimum payment due or an adjusted balance) would pay off your entire loan early. Contact your card issuer for more details. Tap to Pay on iPhone requires a supported payment app and the latest version of iOS. Update to the latest version by going to Settings > General > Software Update. Tap Download and Install. Some contactless cards may not be accepted by your payment app. Transaction limits may apply. The Contactless Symbol is a trademark owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC. Tap to Pay on iPhone is not available in all markets. Tap to Pay on iPhone countries and regions. Available with participating merchants on compatible browsers. Compatible browsers require WebSocket support. This feature is not available in all markets. Software requirements apply. To ensure that you have all features of this product, update your iPhone or iPad to the latest software version. To use Apple Pay, you need a supported card from a participating card issuer. To check if your card is compatible with Apple Pay, contact your card issuer. Apple Pay is not available in all markets. View Apple Pay countries and regions. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see Feature Availability.  Apple Apple Pay Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map