Apple Fitness+ - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Fitness+ Try it free* Scan code with iPhone or iPad. Use the Camera app to activate your free trial.* Find it in the Fitness app. Apple Fitness+ Fitness for everyone. Fitness for you. Try it free* Scan code with iPhone or iPad. Use the Camera app to activate your free trial.* 12 workout types, from HIIT to Yoga, and Meditation too. New sessions added every week, from 5 to 45 minutes. Get personalized recommendations based on workouts you’ve done. And create your own schedule with Custom Plans. 3 months free New subscribers get three months of Apple Fitness+ free with the purchase of an eligible device.1 Shop now 1 month free New subscribers get one month of Apple Fitness+ free, then pay $12.99 per month or $99.99 annually.* Try it free Scan code with iPhone or iPad. Use the Camera app to activate your free trial.* Apple One Bundle Apple Fitness+ with five other great services for one low monthly price. Try Apple One free2 Learn more It’s all here for you. Choose your activity. Twelve different workout types, and Meditation too. With new sessions added every week. Explore the world’s largest library of 4K Ultra HD fitness and wellness content. Carousel of images featuring the different Fitness+ workout types Cycling HIIT Kickboxing Yoga Rowing Pilates Meditation Strength Treadmill Run Dance Core Mindful Cooldown Pick your preferences. Five to 45 minutes, with or without equipment. And you can even filter by trainer, music or meditation theme. Get personalized recommendations in For You. From day one, Fitness+ gets to know you and what you like to do. And as you continue using it, you’ll see personalized recommendations based on your favourite activities, trainers, durations and music. Create a Custom Plan — a personalized schedule based on the workouts and meditations you want to do, with reminders to keep you on track. Explore more ways to move: Motivation to keep you going. Supercharge your experience with Apple Watch. Get real‑time, in‑session metrics to track your progress. With Apple Watch, you can keep an eye on your metrics, like heart rate and Activity rings, in the moment. You’ll also get post workout insights to help you understand your progress. Along with exclusive audio‑guided walks, runs and meditations. Meet the Fitness+ trainer team: Carousel of Fitness+ trainer headshots Learn more Jenn Lau Learn more Brian Cochrane Learn more Nez Dally Learn more Dice Iida-Klein Learn more Sam Sanchez Learn more Jamie-Ray Hartshorne Learn more Christian Howard Learn more Molly Fox Learn more Jonelle Lewis Learn more Kyle Ardill Learn more Ben Allen Learn more Sherica Holmon Learn more Jessica Skye Learn more Bakari Williams Learn more Emily Fayette Learn more LaShawn Jones Learn more Gregg Cook Learn more Marimba Gold-Watts Learn more Scott Carvin Learn more Tyrell Désean Learn more Anja Garcia Learn more Cory Wharton-Malcolm Learn more JoAnna Hardy Learn more Josh Crosby Learn more Kim Ngo Learn more Jhon Gonzalez Learn more Darryl Whiting Learn more Kym Perfetto Learn more Jenn Lau Learn more Brian Cochrane Learn more Nez Dally Learn more Dice Iida-Klein Learn more Sam Sanchez Learn more Jamie-Ray Hartshorne Learn more Christian Howard Learn more Molly Fox Learn more Jonelle Lewis Learn more Kyle Ardill Learn more Ben Allen Learn more Sherica Holmon Learn more Jessica Skye Learn more Bakari Williams Learn more Emily Fayette Learn more LaShawn Jones Learn more Gregg Cook Learn more Marimba Gold-Watts Learn more Scott Carvin Learn more Tyrell Désean Learn more Anja Garcia Learn more Cory Wharton-Malcolm Learn more JoAnna Hardy Learn more Josh Crosby Learn more Kim Ngo Learn more Jhon Gonzalez Learn more Darryl Whiting Learn more Kym Perfetto Track your fitness journey, learn tips from trainers and get personalized recommendations based on your activity — all in the Summary tab on iPhone. Earn Fitness+ awards for your accomplishments, track your progress and see which activities will bring you closer to your next achievement. Join Fitness+ on Instagram for even more inspiration. Stay up to date with the latest workouts, meditations, celebrations and news from the Fitness+ studio. Follow @applefitnessplus Carousel of Fitness+ Instagram posts Find Apple Fitness+ on your favourite devices. iPhone iPad Apple TV Apple Watch 3 months free New subscribers get three months of Apple Fitness+ free with the purchase of an eligible device.1 Shop now 1 month free New subscribers get one month of Apple Fitness+ free, then pay $12.99 per month or $99.99 annually.* Try it free Scan code with iPhone or iPad. Use the Camera app to activate your free trial.* Apple One Bundle Apple Fitness+ with five other great services for one low monthly price. Try Apple One free2 Learn more Apple Fitness+ has partnered with Anytime Fitness for special offers. Learn more Questions? Answers. Where can I find Apple Fitness+? You can find it in the Fitness app on iPhone in the centre tab. On iPad, the Fitness app is available for users to download from the App Store. The Fitness app is also available on Apple TV. On Apple Watch, Fitness+ subscribers can find Fitness+ Audio Workouts in the Workout app and Fitness+ Audio Meditations in the Mindfulness app. Do I need an Apple Watch to use Fitness+? No. All you need is an iPhone to use Fitness+. When you use Fitness+ with Apple Watch, you’ll get real‑time personal metrics onscreen, like your heart rate, the calories you burn and the progress of all three Activity rings, during every workout. Do I need any equipment for Apple Fitness+ workouts? It depends on the workout you choose. While most don’t require any equipment, for some you may need things like dumbbells, a resistance band, an indoor cycling bike, a treadmill or a rowing machine. Other helpful equipment might include iPhone stands, a yoga mat, yoga blocks or a meditation cushion. You can use any brand of equipment at home or in the gym. Can I use Fitness+ on my TV? You can use Fitness+ on Apple TV; your iPhone must be signed in to the same Apple Account. You can also stream Fitness+ workouts and meditations to AirPlay‑enabled TVs and devices. See here for compatibility details. Can I share with my family? Yes. You can share Apple Fitness+ with up to five family members. To get started, just set up Family Sharing on your iPhone or iPad and invite family members to join. Each family member gets their own personalized Fitness+ experience. See apple.com/ca/family-sharing for more information. How do I get a personalized Fitness+ experience? When you first subscribe to Fitness+, simply tap the activities you like to do and find recommendations in For You. As you use Fitness+, For You updates based on your activities, and it even reflects your favourite trainers, durations, music and equipment preferences. Can I create my own schedule for workouts and meditations? Yes. With Custom Plans, you can receive a workout and meditation schedule based on your personal preferences. Just pick the days, duration, length of plan and activity types you want. You can even select the trainers and music that keep you energized. Fitness+ will automatically provide the plan, and your next workouts or meditations will be available in For You. And to help you stay consistent, Fitness+ will provide reminders so you can stick with your plan. How do I find a workout or meditation? For You offers recommendations based on what you like to do in Fitness+. You can filter an activity by trainer, duration, music, meditation theme and more. When you know exactly what you want, go to Search and enter it for matching results. Can I adjust the volume of the trainer’s voice or the music in my workouts? Yes. With Audio Focus, you can prioritize the volume of the trainer or the music so you can hear more of whatever is most important to you. Can I do multiple workouts and meditations in a row? Yes. Stacks allow you to select multiple workouts and meditations to do back to back, so you can move seamlessly from one activity to the next. When you complete an activity, you’ll see your next workout or meditation in the Summary tab, so it’s easy to keep the momentum going. Where is Apple Fitness+ available? Apple Fitness+ is currently available in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, France, Germany, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States. I bought a new iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad or Apple TV. How do I redeem the offer of three months free? If you purchased a new iPhone 8 or later, Apple Watch Series 3 or later, iPad or Apple TV, you can try Apple Fitness+ free for three months. The offer can be redeemed on your iPhone or iPad. You’ll need to update your iPhone and Apple Watch to the latest OS, and you’ll have three months to redeem the offer after the first activation of the eligible device.1 Apple One Bundle Apple Fitness+ with five other Apple subscriptions. And enjoy more for less. Try Apple One free2 Learn more Apple Music Access over 100 million songs. Save and download Fitness+ playlists. Try Apple Music free3 Learn more Apple Footer * Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later, or Apple Watch Series 3 or later paired with iPhone 6s or later. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. Offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device. $12.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously subscribed to Apple Fitness+. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. Apple Fitness+ requires a subscription and compatible hardware and software. See here for compatibility details. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later with iOS 16.1 or later or Apple Watch Series 3 or later with watchOS 7.2 or later paired with an iPhone 6s or later with iOS 14.3 or later. To get the newest features, make sure your devices are running the latest software version. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese. Time to Walk and Time to Run are available in English only at the moment.  Apple Entertainment Fitness+ Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map