Mac - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ MacBook Air New MacBook Pro iMac Mac mini Mac Studio New Mac Pro CompareMac models Displays Accessoriesfor Mac Sequoia Shop Mac Now through April 2, get extra trade‑in credit toward a new Mac with Apple Trade In.* Shop Mac Mac If you can dream it, Mac can do it. Get to know Mac. Apple Intelligence and macOS Easy to use. Easy to love. Apple Intelligence and macOS Easy to use. Easy to love. Built for Apple Intelligence. Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.1 Familiar as iPhone. You’ll feel right at home on Mac, with many of the same apps as iPhone — like Messages, Photos, Notes and FaceTime. Fully loaded. Get started with apps you’ll use every day, like Mail, Calendar and Safari for surfing the web. And if you want to create documents, spreadsheets or presentations, there are powerful built-in productivity apps like Pages, Numbers and Keynote. Simple setup. Migration Assistant makes it easy to transfer your data — including documents, photos, settings and user accounts — from your previous Mac or PC. Performance and Battery Life Go fast. Go far. Performance and Battery Life Go fast. Go far. Supercharged by Apple silicon. Apple silicon brings game-changing power and speed to Mac. It integrates the CPU, GPU and Neural Engine onto a single power-efficient chip, accelerating everything you do. And it makes it possible for the incredible AI performance on Mac to boost your creativity and productivity. Adobe Lightroom, Touch Designer, Cinema 4D, Assassin’s Creed Shadows, Adobe Photoshop2 Seize the day on a single charge. Thanks to the efficiency of Apple silicon, Mac laptops deliver up to 24 hours of battery life with incredible performance whether you’re plugged in or not.3 Work smart. And fast. From designing a stunning presentation to making an epic spreadsheet, Mac lets you get more done faster — whether you’re running to class or running a business. Microsoft Excel, Zoom, Microsoft PowerPoint, Calendar2 Create at the speed of your imagination. From recording a podcast to editing your first feature film, you can do, make and create in all‑new ways with the speed and power of the ultracapable Mac. GarageBand, Adobe Premiere Pro, Affinity Photo 22 Mac and iPhone Dream team. Mac and iPhone Dream team. Use your iPhone from your Mac. With iPhone Mirroring, you can see and use what’s on your iPhone from your Mac — without having to reach for it.4 Finder, Unfold2 Mac answers the call. You can answer calls or messages from your iPhone directly on your Mac. And all the messages that appear on your iPhone appear on your Mac, too.5 Capture on iPhone. See it on Mac. Use your iPhone to take a picture, record video or scan a document and have it automatically appear on your Mac. Start here. Finish there. Start an email on your iPhone and finish it on your Mac. With Handoff, when your Mac and iPhone are near each other, you can seamlessly pass what you’re doing from one device to the other.6 Compatibility Mac runs your favourite apps. Compatibility Mac runs your favourite apps. The apps you love. Right on your Mac. From Microsoft 365 to Adobe Creative Cloud to Zoom,2 all your go-to apps are superfast and snappy on Mac. Zoom, Microsoft Excel, Adobe Photoshop2 Well connected. Mac comes with all the ports you need to use your favourite accessories, like external displays, hard drives, cameras and printers. Privacy and Security Your business is nobody else’s. Privacy and Security Your business is nobody else’s. Designed to protect your privacy. Mac gives you the freedom to choose what you share and how you share it, so you can use apps more securely, protect your data and keep yourself safer on the web. With groundbreaking privacy protections, Apple Intelligence gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple. And with Private Cloud Compute, your data is never stored and is used only for your requests. Advanced security comes standard on Mac. By integrating Mac with Apple silicon and macOS, Apple builds security protections into Mac from the ground up. Every Mac comes with industry-leading encryption and robust virus protections. And automatic free security updates help keep your Mac protected. Unlock it all with the touch of your finger. Touch ID keeps all your passwords at the touch of your finger. So you can use it to unlock your Mac, access passkeys, make payments and sign in to apps and sites. Touch ID One app to find it all. If you can’t find your Mac or other Apple devices, the Find My app makes it easy to pinpoint where they are. If your device ever falls into the wrong hands, you can use Find My to lock it down or erase it from afar. Durability Built to stand the test of time. Durability Built to stand the test of time. Super‑duper durable. We design our products with durability in mind. Made with recycled aluminum enclosures, Mac computers are exceptionally well built and ready for pretty much anything. Reliably up to date. macOS updates deliver the latest features and help keep Mac — and the apps you rely on — running smoothly and securely. And macOS updates are free and can even be set to download automatically. Apple Values Our values drive everything we do. Apple Values Our values drive everything we do. For a better future. We’re transforming how we make, assemble and recycle Mac. We use 100% recycled aluminum in the enclosures of Mac mini, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. MacBook Air contains 50% recycled content. And the new Mac mini is our first carbon-neutral Mac.7 Because the earth won’t wait. And neither will we. Good for you. Good for the planet. With Apple Trade In, you can get a great value for your current Mac and apply it toward a new device. If your Mac isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.8 Accessibility for all. With customizable Display Settings, VoiceOver, Personal Voice, Live Captions, Vocal Shortcuts and more, Mac has industry-leading built-in accessibility features that help you connect, create and do what you love — in the ways that work best for you. A person with wavy black hair laughing. Explore the lineup. Compare all models Laptops Desktops Displays New MacBook Air 13” and 15” M4 chip Available in Sky Blue, Silver, Starlight and Midnight Strikingly thin and fast so you can work, play or create anywhere. ‡ Learn more Buy 13.6” or 15.3” Liquid Retina display with 500 nits of brightness and support for 1 billion colours9 Apple M4 chip Apple Intelligence1 Up to 18 hours battery life10 4 ports 2x Thunderbolt 4 (USB‑C), headphone jack, MagSafe 2.7 lb. or 3.3 lb. Weight11 MacBook Pro 14” and 16” M4, M4 Pro or M4 Max chip Available in Space black and Silver The most advanced Mac laptops for demanding workflows. ‡ Learn more Buy 14.2” or 16.2” Liquid Retina XDR display with up to 1600 nits of peak brightness, 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio and up to 120Hz refresh rates9 Apple M4, M4 Pro or M4 Max chip Apple Intelligence1 Up to 24 hours battery life3 7 ports 3x Thunderbolt 4 (USB‑C) or 3x Thunderbolt 5 (USB‑C), HDMI, SDXC, headphone jack, MagSafe 3.4 lb. or 4.7 lb. Weight11 iMac M4 chip Available in Blue, Purple, Pink, Orange, Yellow, Green and Silver A stunning all-in-one desktop for creativity and productivity. ‡ Learn more Buy 24” 4.5K Retina display with 500 nits of brightness delivers sharp and vibrant detail.12 Apple M4 chip Apple Intelligence1 — not applicable Up to 6 ports 2x Thunderbolt/USB 4 or 4x Thunderbolt 4, Gigabit Ethernet, headphone jack Mac mini M4 or M4 Pro chip The mini-est, most affordable Mac with mighty performance. ‡ Learn more Buy — not applicable Apple M4 or M4 Pro chip Apple Intelligence1 — not applicable 8 ports 3x Thunderbolt 4 or 3x Thunderbolt 5, 2x USB‑C, HDMI, Gigabit Ethernet, headphone jack New Mac Studio M4 Max or M3 Ultra chip Powerful performance and extensive connectivity for pro workflows. ‡ Learn more Buy — not applicable Apple M4 Max or M3 Ultra chip Apple Intelligence1 — not applicable 12 ports 4x or 6x Thunderbolt 5 (USB‑C), 2x USB‑A, up to 2x USB-C, HDMI, 10Gb Ethernet, SDXC, headphone jack Mac Pro M2 Ultra chip A pro workstation with PCIe expansion for demanding workflows. ‡ Learn more Buy — not applicable Apple M2 Ultra chip Apple Intelligence1 PCIe Features seven expansion slots, six of which are PCIe gen 4 18 ports 8x Thunderbolt 4, 3x USB‑A, 2x HDMI, 2x 10Gb Ethernet, 2x Serial ATA, headphone jack Studio Display A 5K Retina display with stellar camera and audio. ‡ Learn more Buy 27” Retina display with 5120 by 2880 pixels13 5K Retina display for gorgeous colour and spectacular detail 600 nits brightness for brilliant colour 12MP Ultra Wide camera with Center Stage for more natural video calls True Tone, anti-reflective coating and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports Thunderbolt 3 (USB‑C), 3x USB‑C Pro Display XDR An advanced 6K XDR display for pro workflows. ‡ Learn more Buy 32” Retina XDR display with 6016 by 3384 pixels13 6K Retina XDR display for the most immersive viewing experience 1000 nits brightness for dazzling colour; up to 1600 nits peak brightness — not applicable True Tone, anti-reflective coating and a nano-texture glass option for optimal viewing in any light 4 ports Thunderbolt 3 (USB‑C), 3x USB‑C Apple Trade‑In Give us the old. Save on the new. With Apple Trade In, you can get a great value for your current device and apply it toward a new one. If your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free.8 See what your device is worth Why Apple is the best place to buy Mac. Shop Mac Monthly payment options available. Choose an easy way to finance with convenient monthly payment options. Ways to Buy Pay monthly for your new Mac with Affirm. Spread out the cost of your new Mac with convenient monthly payments from Affirm. Low interest rates and no hidden fees. Trade in an eligible Apple device. We'll apply the value as an instant credit to lower your monthly payments. Apply online and get a decision right away. If you complete the quick application now, you’ll be ready when it’s time to check out. Apply now with Affirm Financing details, including Quebec Save with Apple Trade In. Get credit toward your next Mac when you trade in an eligible device.8 Apple Trade In Get trade-in credit for your new device. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your device has been received and verified, we’ll apply the value of your current model to your payment method. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Customize your Mac. Choose your chip, memory, storage, even colour. Customize Your Mac Choose your chip, memory, storage, even colour. Build the Mac that’s best for you. When you buy online at Apple, you can customize your Mac just the way you want. Whether you need an extra powerful chip, more memory or additional storage, you can tailor any new Mac to suit your needs. Shop Mac Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options. Delivery and Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with a handful of delivery and pickup options to choose from. Two-hour delivery from an Apple Store. Enjoy lightning‑fast courier delivery for an additional fee at checkout, on eligible in‑stock items in most metro areas. Delivery time windows can be scheduled at checkout. Convenient local pickup. Place your online order and pick it up at your local Apple Store. Free next‑day delivery. Most of your favourite Apple products are available for free next‑day delivery. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Shop with a Mac Specialist. Shop one on one with a Specialist. Online or in a store. Shop with a Specialist Get help finding what’s right for you. Shop with a Specialist online or at an Apple Store. Shop online with a Specialist Meet your new Mac with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your Mac and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one-on-one sessions. When you buy your new Mac directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup, or focus on features that help you make the most of your Mac. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about your new Mac Explore a shopping experience designed around you. When you shop in the Apple Store app. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items and track your orders. Plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options and store events. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app Significant others. Mac and iPhone Answer calls or messages from your iPhone directly on your Mac. See and control what’s on your iPhone from your Mac with iPhone Mirroring. Use Universal Clipboard to copy images, video, or text from your iPhone, then paste into another app on your nearby Mac. And thanks to iCloud, you can access your files from either your iPhone or your Mac. And so much more. Mac and iPad Sketch on your iPad and have it appear instantly on your Mac. Or use your iPad as a second display, so you can work on one screen while you reference the other. You can even start a Final Cut Pro project on your iPad and continue it on your Mac. Mac and Apple Watch Automatically log in to your Mac when you’re wearing your Apple Watch with Auto Unlock. No password typing required. Mac essentials. All Mac accessories Mac accessories Explore keyboards, mice and other essentials. Shop Mac accessories Studio Display The 27-inch 5K Retina display pairs beautifully with any Mac. Learn more Mac Apple Footer * Get extra trade‑in credit when you trade in an eligible Mac and purchase a new eligible Apple device through April 2, 2025. Additional terms from Apple or Apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. ‡ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199 and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here. 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1,099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. Apple Intelligence is available in beta on all Mac models with M1 and later, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK or U.S.), as a macOS Sequoia software update. Additional features and Chinese (Simplified), English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish language support available in early April, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. Software and content may be sold separately. Title availability is subject to change. Testing conducted by Apple August through October 2024 using preproduction 16‑inch MacBook Pro systems with Apple M4 Pro, 14‑core CPU, 20‑core GPU, 48GB of RAM and 512GB SSD. Wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to Wi‑Fi. Video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in Safari while connected to Wi‑Fi. All systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/ca/batteries for more information. Available on Mac computers with Apple silicon and Intel‑based Mac computers with a T2 Security Chip. Requires that your iPhone and Mac are signed in with the same Apple Account using two‑factor authentication, your iPhone and Mac are near each other and have Bluetooth and Wi‑Fi turned on, and your Mac is not using AirPlay or Sidecar. Some iPhone features (e.g., camera and microphone) are not compatible with iPhone Mirroring. SMS requires an iPhone or iPad with iOS 8.1 or later or iPadOS. iPhone calls require an iPhone with iOS 8 or later. Handoff requires an iPhone or iPad with iOS 8 or later or iPadOS. Learn more at apple.com/ca/2030. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. Screen size is measured diagonally. The displays on the 13‑inch and 15‑inch MacBook Air and the 14‑inch and 16‑inch MacBook Pro have rounded corners at the top. When measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screens are 13.6 inches, 15.3 inches, 14.2 inches and 16.2 inches diagonally (actual viewable area is less). Testing conducted by Apple in January 2025 using preproduction 13‑inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M4, 10‑core CPU and 8‑core GPU, and preproduction 15‑inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M4, 10‑core CPU and 10‑core GPU, all configured with 16GB of RAM and 256GB SSD. Wireless web battery life tested by browsing 25 popular websites while connected to Wi-Fi. Video streaming battery life tested with 1080p content in Safari while connected to Wi-Fi. All systems tested with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom and keyboard backlight off. Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/ca/batteries for more information. Weight varies by configuration and manufacturing process. Actual diagonal screen size is 23.5 inches. Screen size is measured diagonally. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. Some features require an Apple Account, compatible hardware, and compatible Internet access or cellular network; additional fees and terms may apply. Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see “Feature Requirements” at support.apple.com/en–ca/macos/upgrade. Stellarium image of the M31 galaxy by Lee, Ang (HG731GZ). Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  Apple Mac Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map