Apple Podcasts - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Podcasts Open the app Apple Podcasts Endless topics. Endlessly engaging. Explore an incredibly diverse collection of entertaining and informative podcasts. Dive deep into what interests you most, from insightful interviews to groundbreaking series. And enjoy it all on a platform designed for listeners and creators. Open the app Millions of podcasts on topics for everyone. Personalized discovery with easy ways to search. Powerful playback controls to customize your listening. Subscriptions that deliver more from your favourite shows. Seamless listening across all your Apple devices. Open the app Handpicked. For every passion. Immerse yourself in stories that will challenge your mind and capture your heart. Explore new interests and stay on top of what’s trending. Our global catalogue features leading voices on the topics you care about — from the biggest names to independent creators. Channels Curation Top Charts Find all the shows from your favourite creators in one place with channels. Discover the ones you like, and get recommendations on others that are sure to speak to you. Easily discover trending stories, collections around culturally relevant topics, and outstanding new podcasts with expert curation from our editors. Want an instant line to today’s most popular shows and episodes? Our charts deliver everything that’s buzzing worldwide. Personalized discovery. With personalized recommendations based on what you already listen to, you’ll get more shows catering to your tastes than ever before. You Might Like True Crime Weekly Series Baseball Weekly Series History Weekly Series Essential Listens Arts Updated Weekly News Biweekly Series Society & Culture Updated Weekly Replay Subscribe for even more of what you love. Unlock ad-free listening, bonus content, unreleased episodes and more subscriber-only benefits from your favourite shows and creators.1 You can also connect your subscriptions from select apps on the App Store — as well as Apple News+ and Apple Music — to access all your premium audio content in one place. Catch up on your commute. CarPlay lets you listen seamlessly from your iPhone in your car, bringing the same in‑depth experience to your vehicle’s built‑in controls.2 You can even ask Siri to play the latest episode or control playback. And Apple Podcasts comes preinstalled in select car models. Siri, play my podcasts. 32 Thoughts: The Podcast. the news. Go ahead, put your feet up — you can access anything and everything you want to hear on Apple Podcasts just by asking Siri. Transcripts puts it all in writing. Read along as you listen to the podcasts you love, or view the full text by itself. Easily search to find your favourite moments and tap any paragraph to jump to that point in the episode.3 Stories that go everywhere. Find the Apple Podcasts app on all your favourite Apple devices or listen on the web at podcasts.apple.com. You can even download shows to your Apple Podcasts library and listen offline. iPhone CarPlay HomePod Mac iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Apple Vision Pro More places to listen. Questions? Answers. What is Apple Podcasts? Apple Podcasts is the best app for finding, following and listening to millions of the world’s most popular podcasts. And you can easily discover new shows through expert curation and personalized recommendations. Where can I listen? Apple Podcasts is already installed on all your favourite Apple devices. You can also listen with CarPlay, on a variety of smart speakers and on select car systems. How do I listen in my car? CarPlay lets you connect your iPhone to your car’s built-in display and is available in over 800 different models. CarPlay makes it easy to access Apple Podcasts on your vehicle’s touchscreen or with Siri. Apple Podcasts also comes preinstalled in select cars. What does it cost? Apple Podcasts offers millions of shows completely free. And some publishers offer premium shows, episodes and channels that can be purchased through a monthly or annual subscription. What is Apple Podcasts Subscriptions? Apple Podcasts Subscriptions is a global marketplace for you to discover premium subscriptions offered by your favourite creators. As part of your premium subscription, you get access to a variety of benefits curated by creators, such as access to additional content, ad-free listening, and early or exclusive access to new series. How do I connect my App Store subscriptions to Apple Podcasts? Apple Podcasts automatically recognizes eligible subscriptions from the App Store and adds the corresponding episodes to your Apple Podcasts library. You can also connect your subscriptions manually by signing in to your account from an app’s channel page in Apple Podcasts. How do I manage my podcast subscriptions? All your subscriptions are managed in your account settings. In Apple Podcasts on iPhone and iPad, tap your profile on the Listen Now tab and select Manage Subscriptions. In System Settings on Mac, click Apple Account, then click Media & Purchases and select Subscriptions > Manage. For each subscription, you can switch from monthly to annual if it is offered. If you do not want to renew your subscription, you must cancel it at least a day before the renewal date. If you cancel, you can still access your subscription until the date displayed on the screen. How does my podcast subscription support creators? When you subscribe to a podcast, 70 percent of your subscription fee (minus applicable taxes) goes directly to the creator. Creators’ net revenue increases to 85 percent (minus applicable taxes) after a subscriber accumulates one year of paid service. Creators set the price for monthly or annual subscriptions, which include ad-free listening, early access, additional episodes and more. 100 percent of other podcast revenue — including any ad revenue — goes to the creator. Can I share my subscriptions with my family? Of course. You can share your Apple Podcasts subscriptions with up to five people through Family Sharing.4 Can I download and listen offline? Yes. You can download any podcast episode and listen to it offline. New episodes from shows you follow will be automatically downloaded. And you can find all your downloaded episodes in your library in the Downloaded section. Can I start a podcast? You sure can. If you want to create your own show and publish it on Apple Podcasts, check out the resources available at podcasters.apple.com. Working with Apple Podcasts. Stay up to date on the latest news, features and best practices that help you create your own podcast. Learn more The content you're looking for can't be found. This Apple Podcasts content requires the latest operating system to play. Apple Footer Subscriptions are in-app purchases. Prices may vary and are set by podcast creators. CarPlay support is either standard or available as an option on many new 2016 cars and later, with some manufacturers offering software updates for earlier models. Some models may support CarPlay only in certain configurations, and not all models are available in all areas. CarPlay support is subject to change. See your dealer for details. Transcripts are only supported in select languages. Requires Family Sharing. See apple.com/ca/family-sharing for more information.  Apple Entertainment Apple Podcasts Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map