Apple Events - Apple (CA) Apple Events Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Events Apple Event Introducing iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16, built for Apple Intelligence. All‑new Apple Watch Series 10 and AirPods 4. Apple Watch Ultra 2 and AirPods Max in fresh new colours. Video replay of today’s event will be available shortly. Video replay of today’s event will be available shortly. Watch the eventWatch in ASL Here’s what we announced. iPhone 16 Pro Hello, Apple Intelligence Built for Apple Intelligence - personal, private, powerful. Camera Control, an easier way to quickly access camera tools. Stunning 4K 120 fps Dolby Vision video. A18 Pro chip. And a huge leap in battery life. Learn more iPhone 16 Hello, Apple Intelligence Built for Apple Intelligence to help you write, express yourself and get things done effortlessly. Camera Control, an easier way to quickly access camera tools. And the custom-built A18 chip. Learn more Apple Watch Series 10 Our thinnest watch with our biggest display. Get invaluable health insights with the Vitals app. Tracking for your activity and workouts — with depth and water temperature. All in our fastest‑charging watch ever. Learn more Apple Watch Ultra 2 The ultimate sports and adventure watch features a stunning new black titanium case. With connectivity, health and safety features for the everyday. And the most accurate GPS in a sports watch. Learn more AirPods 4 Updated fit for all-day comfort. A totally transformed audio experience. And available with Active Noise Cancellation — a first for this open-ear design. Learn more AirPods Max The ultimate over-ear personal listening experience. Now in fresh new colours with fast and easy USB‑C charging. Learn more View recent Apple events WWDC June 10, 2024 Introducing Apple Intelligence, AI for the rest of us. And exciting updates coming with iOS 18, iPadOS 18, macOS Sequoia, watchOS 11 and visionOS 2. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event May 7, 2024 Introducing the unbelievably thin and portable iPad Pro with Apple M4 chip, the redesigned iPad Air in two sizes and the all‑new Apple Pencil Pro. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event October 30, 2023 Introducing the new MacBook Pro 14” and 16” and the new iMac. Now supercharged by the M3 family of chips. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event September 12, 2023 Introducing iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15, Apple Watch Series 9, Apple Watch Ultra 2 and a major step toward making all our products carbon‑neutral by 2030. Watch Watch in ASL WWDC June 5, 2023 Introducing Apple Vision Pro, the new 15‑inch MacBook Air with M2, Mac Studio with M2 Max and M2 Ultra, Mac Pro with M2 Ultra and previews of iOS 17, iPadOS 17, macOS Sonoma and watchOS 10. Watch Watch in ASL Apple Event September 7, 2022 Introducing an all-new iPhone lineup, rebuilt AirPods Pro, three new Apple Watch models and an exciting update to Apple Fitness+. Watch Watch in ASL View all Apple events Apple Footer  Apple Apple Events Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map