Apple TV 4K - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple TV 4K Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Tech Specs Buy Apple TV 4K Apple TV 4K The Apple experience. Cinematic in every sense. |Loot |Ted Lasso Kung Fu Panda 4 is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. |Hello Kitty Island Adventure |Peggy Gou |HIIT with Bakari Apple TV 4K unites your favourite Apple services with all your streaming apps in our best-ever picture and sound quality — thanks to the blazing‑fast A15 Bionic chip. Enjoy a FaceTime experience on TV1 that brings your friends and family into your living room — and onto the biggest screen in your home. And with seamless interaction with all your devices and smart home accessories,2 it’s everything you love about Apple — at its cinematic best. Subscription may be required to access some content. Experience Channelling the best of TV. And the best of Apple. Discover award-winning Apple Originals series and films — with other favourites on Disney+, Netflix, Crave, CBC Gem3 and more. Experience world‑class workouts, superfun games and exciting ways to enjoy hit music you’ll find only from Apple. And explore thousands of other top apps in the App Store. There’s more on Apple TV 4K than just TV. Aerials Snoopy Portraits Apple TV app. Watch, rent or buy your favourite shows and movies all in one expertly curated app. Enjoy critically acclaimed Apple Originals series and films from Apple TV+ as they were meant to be seen. Subscribe to just the channels you want. And there are no new apps, accounts or passwords needed for up to six family members. Live TV. Apple TV 4K is all you need to stream live TV from the world’s biggest and best networks, broadcasters and pay TV providers. Watch sports from TSN, Sportsnet and DAZN. Catch up with news from CBC News, Global TV and CBS News. And kick back with shows on Crave, Citytv and CBC Gem.3 Apple TV+. Watch series, feature films, kids’ entertainment and more from the most creative minds in TV and movies — with new Apple Originals added every month.4 Learn more InSight. Get information about Apple Originals series and films as you watch them. Just bring up the media player controls to learn more about the actors on the screen and the music that’s playing. The details automatically update as the scene changes. And when you use iPhone as the Apple TV remote, InSight information appears in the palm of your hand.5 Stream Severance on the Apple TV app with a subscription Apple Fitness+. Tap into the world’s largest library of 4K UHD fitness and wellness content.4 Sign up and get 12 workout types, from HIIT to Yoga, plus Meditation. Stay motivated with personalized recommendations tailored to you, Custom Plans and new sessions added every week. Track your progress with real-time in-session metrics and get deeper insights into your workouts. Learn more Try it free Apple Music. Listen to over 100 million songs, 30,000 playlists and live radio on the big screen. You can even be your own video star with Apple Music Sing6 — sing top songs with real-time lyrics and adjustable vocals that let you take the lead, duet with the artist or belt out backup harmonies.4 Learn more Apple Arcade. Playing Apple Arcade games is even more immersive on your big screen.4 Multiuser support helps players keep track of their individual game levels, leaderboards and invitations — and switch between players at any time. And you can connect more of your favourite controllers to Apple TV 4K, including PlayStation and Xbox Wireless controllers.7 Learn more Photos. iCloud Shared Photo Library makes it easier than ever for the whole family to enjoy each other’s photos, and you can see them all right on your TV. And you can choose Memories as your screen saver and watch your special moments come alive on the big screen. Learn more about iCloud Photos Screen savers. Mesmerizing visuals take you to the most stunning locations on the earth and beyond. They can also showcase photos of your cherished moments and loved ones, and soon Snoopy and Woodstock will join the fun with playful animations for the whole family.8 FaceTime on your biggest screen. The FaceTime app on Apple TV 4K seamlessly connects to your iPhone or iPad to deliver your audio and video to the big screen through Continuity Camera.9 FaceTime Live Captions will automatically show what others are saying — making calls more accessible for everyone.10 Sharing special moments together is easier, bigger and clearer than ever. Cinematic experience True-to-life picture. Unreal sound. 4K picture. Eye-popping details leap out of the darkest shadows and brightest highlights with advanced HDR formats like Dolby Vision — and HDR10+.11 So everything you watch is worthy of your biggest screen. Spatial Audio immerses you in Dolby Atmos, 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound that feels like it’s coming from every direction.12 Connect HomePod for three‑dimensional audio that places you right in the middle of the action. Or connect AirPods for a personal theatre experience with sound that automatically adjusts to stay centred on the TV even if you move around the room. Enhance Dialogue pulls spoken words forward, whether you listen through your built-in TV speakers, HomePod or receivers.13 So even whispers are heard more clearly amid the music and background sounds of your favourite movies and shows — making a truly immersive experience sound even better. And subtitles automatically appear at just the right times to help you track every word.14 Beetlejuice Beetlejuice is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Kung Fu Panda 4 is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Twisters is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Inside Out 2 is available to buy or rent on the Apple TV app. Siri Remote Talk about control. A touch-enabled clickpad. Easily swipe through episodes, scenes or frames with an intuitive circular movement. Turn your TV on or off, change the input to Apple TV 4K and control the volume. A dedicated Siri button — just like iPhone. Siri delivers quick and clear ways to interact with your requests right on screen — and with voice recognition for up to six family members, Siri lets Apple TV 4K know who’s talking and reply with recommendations tailored just for them.15 What should I watch? Siri has personalized recommendations based on what you’ve watched. What did she just say? Rewind the scene 10 seconds, turn on subtitles and more. How high is Mount Whitney? Ask questions and get answers for just about anything. Show me the babies’ room Keep track of all your connected smart home accessories2 in Control Center. Better together The best supporting cast in television. iPhone A multifaceted remote lets you easily play, pause, fast-forward, rewind and adjust the volume on your TV — all from the Lock Screen of your iPhone or in Control Center. You can make purchases or sign in to apps using Face ID. And now iPhone helps you find your Siri remote if it goes missing. Colour calibration A perfect combo. Apple TV 4K works with your iPhone to automatically adjust colours to look their best. Just point the camera on your iPhone at your TV screen once, then sit back and see how amazing your shows and movies are meant to look. Audio Sharing Listen together. Audio Sharing lets you seamlessly connect up to two sets of AirPods — both in Spatial Audio — with volume control for each. So the two of you can keep watching past someone’s bedtime.16 Siri on AirPods Put down the remote when you put on AirPods. Control playback, get scores, find the latest shows and films to watch — even ask Siri to turn off the lights or close the living room shades — all hands‑free. SharePlay Watch together. With SharePlay, you and your friends can watch movies and TV shows together, in real time, on Apple TV. And with Split View, you’ll be able to experience everybody’s laughs, cries, screams or sighs without missing a moment of the show.17 Home control Lights. Cameras. Smart home interactions. Apple TV 4K is a smart home hub18 that can automate — and give you remote access to — all of your home’s connected accessories. Smart home hub Everything at home is under control. Find your connected accessories in one place with the intuitive Control Center. Apple TV 4K works seamlessly with your HomeKit-enabled accessories, and you can connect more devices across more platforms than ever with Matter19 — the smart home connectivity standard. And with remote access, you can control your smart home from the Home app on your other Apple devices wherever you go. Automation Your home. Your rules. The Home app lets you set an accessory to automatically do what you want, when you want, or create scenes for multiple accessories working together. Locks and motion sensors that activate when it’s bedtime. Lights that dim and curtains that close when it’s time for movie night. And whatever else you create. Privacy and security Designed to protect your personal information. Privacy at home is more important than ever. That’s why your Home data is stored in a way that Apple can’t read. Which Apple TV 4K is right for you? Apple TV 4K with Wi-Fi 4K screen resolution Thread networking support not available Gigabit Ethernet not available 64GB storage A15 Bionic chip Siri Remote with USB‑C connector Apple TV 4K with Wi-Fi and Ethernet 4K screen resolution Thread networking support20 Gigabit Ethernet 128GB storage A15 Bionic chip Siri Remote with USB‑C connector Buy AR Use AR to see Apple TV 4K. Open this page using Safari on your iPhone or iPad. View Apple TV 4K with Wi-Fi and Ethernet View Apple TV 4K with Wi-Fi Apple TV Plus Get 3 months of Apple TV+ free when you buy an Apple TV 4K.21 Try it free22 Learn more Apple TV App The Apple TV app All your TV. All in one app. Learn more Apple Footer Available on Apple TV 4K (2nd generation and later) running the latest operating system software. Requires a HomeKit‑ or Matter-enabled accessory. Smart home accessory sold separately. Subscription may be required to access some content. Live sports subject to blackouts. Title and application availability subject to change. Some applications are not available in all areas. Apple Arcade, Apple Fitness+, Apple Music and Apple TV+ require a subscription. Some subscriptions are not available in all areas. Apple TV+ requires a subscription. Title support subject to change. Available on Apple TV 4K (3rd generation) running the latest operating system software. Apple Music subscription required. Game controllers work with select games and are sold separately. Availability may vary by country or region. Snoopy and Portraits screen savers available on Apple TV 4K (2nd generation and later). Available on iPhone XS, iPhone XR and later, iPad Pro (M4), iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation and later), iPad Pro 11-inch (1st generation and later), iPad (8th generation and later), iPad Air (M2), iPad Air (3rd generation and later) and iPad mini (5th generation and later) with Apple TV 4K (2nd generation and later) running the latest operating system software. FaceTime Live Captions are available on Apple TV 4K (2nd generation and later) when the primary language is set to English (U.S.) or English (Canada) and running the latest operating system software. Works with compatible content in supported apps on compatible devices. Not all content is available in 4K, HDR, HDR10+ or Dolby Vision. Playback quality will depend on hardware and internet connection. Works with compatible content in supported apps on compatible devices. Not all content is available in 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound or Dolby Atmos audio. Playback quality will depend on hardware and internet connection. Available on Apple TV 4K (2nd generation and later). Works with compatible content in supported apps. Available on tvOS 16.2 and later. Requires compatible AirPods or Beats headphones running the latest software. Requires streaming apps that support SharePlay and compatible Apple devices running the latest operating software. To watch a movie or TV show together, every participant needs to have access to the content on their own device, through either a subscription or purchase. SharePlay may not support the sharing of some content across different countries or regions. Requires a compatible smart home accessory. Accessories sold separately. Matter accessories require a home hub, such as an Apple TV, HomePod or HomePod mini. Compatible with HomeKit‑ or Matter‑enabled Thread accessories only. Thread‑based accessories require a Thread‑enabled home hub, such as Apple TV 4K, HomePod (2nd generation), HomePod mini or a third-party Thread border router. New and qualified returning subscribers only. $12.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV+ three months free or one year free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after free trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. Subscription required for MLS Season Pass. Featured content is available on the Apple TV app. Subscription may be required. Hello Kitty Island Adventure © 2024 SANRIO CO., LTD. Used Under License. Kung Fu Panda 4 © 2024 DreamWorks Animation LLC. All rights reserved. © 2024 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes © 2024 20th Century Studios and TSG Entertainment Finance LLC. Twisters © 2024 Universal Studios, Warner Bros., Domain Pictures, & Amblin Entertainment. All rights reserved. Beetlejuice Beetlejuice © 2024 Warner Bros. Ent. All rights reserved. Despicable Me 4 © 2024 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. Piece by Piece © 2024 Focus Features LLC. All Rights Reserved. House of the Dragon © 2024 Home Box Office, Inc. All rights reserved. HBO® and related channels and service marks are the property of Home Box Office, Inc. The Penguin © 2024 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Max and related elements are property of Home Box Office, Inc. THE PENGUIN and all related characters and elements are copyrights and trademarks of DC. All Rights Reserved. Blink Twice © 2024 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Serpent Queen © 2022 Lions Gate Television Inc. All Rights Reserved. “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” written by Billie Eilish, FINNEAS.  Apple TV & Home Apple TV 4K Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map