iPad Air - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPad Air Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Tech Specs Compare Why iPad Buy iPad Air Buy iPad Air with education savings.△ Shop iPad Air Flight speed Built for Apple Intelligence. Buy ‡ Get the highlights. Item 1 Item 2 Item 3 Item 4 Item 5 The new iPad Air. Featuring the powerful Apple M3 chip. Up for anything. Built for Apple Intelligence.** Available in 11‑inch or 13‑inch models with four beautiful colours. Both with a stunning Liquid Retina display.1 M3 powers Apple Intelligence, incredible performance and advanced graphics with hardware-accelerated ray tracing. Apple Pencil Pro for next-level creativity. Magic Keyboard now with a 14-key function row and a larger trackpad.2 iPadOS and amazing apps let you get things done in magical, intuitive ways. Take a closer look. View in your space All Colours Space Grey Blue Purple Starlight All Colours Space Grey Blue Purple Starlight Two sizes. Infinite possibilities. 11” model 13” model You can choose between an 11‑inch and a 13‑inch iPad Air, each with a gorgeous, high‑resolution Liquid Retina display that brings everything you love to do to life. Both displays deliver a brilliant, responsive and colour-accurate viewing experience. Dive into the display Two sizes. Infinite possibilities. Choose your own adventures. Both the 11‑inch and 13‑inch models are perfectly portable and offer even more room to work, create, learn and play. Multitask with ease and work seamlessly across multiple apps at once. Take notes and collaborate instantly with your team in apps like Freeform. There’s incredible capability no matter which size you choose. 13” model 2732x2048 display resolution 11” model 2360x1640 display resolution Stunningly advanced display. An antireflective screen coating and True Tone keep text sharp in all kinds of lighting conditions. With high brightness and P3 wide colour, images look stunning. Technically speaking, spectacular. 600 nits brightness on 13-inch model P3 wide color True Tone for comfortable viewing Full lamination for reduced reflectivity Antireflective coating for the lowest reflectivity in the industry Close M3. Light it up. The lightning‑fast M3 chip powers Apple Intelligence and brings breakout performance to iPad Air. With a powerful CPU, GPU and Neural Engine, it’s nearly 2x faster than iPad Air with M1 chip.3 The GPU architecture brings advanced graphics whether you’re working, streaming, creating or gaming. All with amazing efficiency for all‑day battery life.4 Discover what you can do with the power of M3 M3. Light it up. A chip that’s ahead of the game. The Apple-designed M3 chip features an 8‑core CPU with 4 performance cores and 4 efficiency cores to power all types of workflows and creative tasks. Its 9‑core GPU delivers up to 40 percent faster graphics performance than iPad Air with M1 chip and introduces Dynamic Caching, hardware‑accelerated ray tracing and hardware‑accelerated mesh shading for vibrant and realistic photos, videos and graphics. 8-core CPU 9-core GPU 16-core Neural Engine Hardware-accelerated ray tracing Advanced Neural Engine for advanced AI apps. Up to 60% faster Neural Engine performance than M1 The 16‑core Neural Engine makes iPad Air a powerful device for AI, delivering up to 60 percent faster performance than iPad Air with M1 chip. M3 powers Apple Intelligence features like Writing Tools and Image Wand in the Notes app. And it enables AI‑driven note‑taking in Goodnotes 6, next‑level video editing in Final Cut Pro for iPad and pro‑quality shot tracking in Onform: Video Analysis App. Close Apple Intelligence.Personal, private, powerful. iPad Air is built for Apple Intelligence, the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple. Learn more about Apple Intelligence Image Wand in Notes Apple Intelligence enables delightful ways to express yourself visually. Turn a rough sketch into a related image with Image Wand. And create new images based on descriptions, suggested concepts and even a person from your Photos library with Image Playground. Writing Tools help you find just the right words and transform the way you communicate. Proofread your text, rewrite different versions to get the right tone and summarize selected text with a tap. Writing Tools in Mail Writing Tools help you find just the right words and transform the way you communicate. Proofread your text, rewrite different versions to get the right tone and summarize selected text with a tap. Clean Up in Photos With the Clean Up tool in the Photos app, you can easily remove unwanted distractions in your photos. Apple Intelligence identifies background objects so you can delete them with a tap for the perfect shot — while staying true to the original image. Apple Intelligence protects your privacy at every step. It’s integrated into the core of iPad through on-device processing, so it’s aware of your personal information without collecting your personal information. And with groundbreaking Private Cloud Compute, Apple Intelligence can draw on larger, Apple-designed server‑based models, running on Apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. iPadOS and apps. Get up to something wonderful. iPadOS is designed to let you do all the things you love easily and powerfully from first touch to finishing touches. Use multiple apps at once, write in any text field, and navigate quickly and efficiently using just your finger, Apple Pencil or the Magic Keyboard trackpad. Learn more about getting things done with iPad iPadOS and apps. Get up to something wonderful. Do it all. All at once. Stage Manager lets you multitask effortlessly by allowing you to overlap and resize windows to look the way you want, so you can easily navigate between them. You can also group apps for specific tasks or projects and arrange them in your ideal layout. Built‑in apps for all the essentials. iPad Air comes with powerful and capable apps designed to help you create, connect and get things done. Browse, edit and share your images and videos with Photos. Create dazzling presentations with Keynote and add style with Apple Pencil Pro, or magically solve complex equations in Math Notes. Amazing apps for any ask. Apps can transform iPad Air into almost anything you need it to be. And with over a million apps on the App Store designed just for iPad, you’ll find the right app for whatever you want to do. Explore apps for iPad Zoom Workplace Trimble SketchUp Procreate Goodnotes 6 Morpholio Trace - Sketch CAD Affinity Designer 2 for iPad Complete Anatomy Adobe Lightroom for iPad Affinity Photo 2 for iPad Adobe Fresco: Painting Studio Adobe Express: AI Photo Video Adobe Acrobat Reader: Edit PDF Close Apple Pencil Pro. Engineered for limitless creativity. Apple Pencil sets the standard for how drawing, painting, handwriting and note-taking should feel — intuitive, precise and magical. All with pixel‑perfect precision, low latency, tilt sensitivity and support for palm rejection. And Apple Pencil Pro adds even more capabilities to bring your ideas to life like never before.2 Explore more Apple Pencil features View Apple Pencil Pro in action Apple Pencil Pro. Engineered for limitless creativity. Intuitive and precise creative control. Squeeze. Apple Pencil Pro can sense when you squeeze it and brings up a palette, so you can quickly switch tools, line weights and colours. Pause Play Replay Barrel roll. A gyroscope allows you to rotate Apple Pencil Pro for precise control of shaped pen and brush tools. Haptic feedback. A custom haptic engine delivers precise feedback that you can feel. When you squeeze or double‑tap, you’ll feel a light pulse confirming the action. Apple Pencil hover. Preview exactly where your Apple Pencil will touch down on your display, and see a virtual shadow of your tool. So you can write, sketch and illustrate with even greater precision. Double tap. Quickly switch between tools, like a pen and eraser, with a double tap on Apple Pencil Pro. Ready when inspiration strikes. Apple Pencil Pro pairs, charges and stores magnetically on the side of iPad Air. And if you lose or misplace it, you can easily locate your Apple Pencil Pro in the Find My app. iPad Air works with Apple Pencil Pro and Apple Pencil (USB‑C). Two great options for all kinds of creativity. Explore more Apple Pencil features Apple Pencil Pro Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Close Magic Keyboard. The keys to your best work. Magic Keyboard is the perfect companion for iPad Air. It delivers an amazing typing experience and a trackpad for precision tasks in a sleek, portable design. The keyboard includes a 14‑key function row, a USB-C connector for pass‑through charging, and front and back protection for your iPad Air. The floating cantilever design smoothly adjusts to multiple viewing angles, and a large glass trackpad expands how you can work with iPadOS.2 Learn more about keyboards for iPad Cameras. Capture your imagination. And everything else. 12MP Center Stage camera for even better video calls 12MP Wide back camera with Smart HDR images and 4K video Advanced front and back cameras make it easy to shoot and edit incredible content in a snap. Copy text in photos or videos and translate languages using Live Text. And Center Stage makes all your video calls more dynamic. Focus in on cameras, mics and speakers Cameras. Capture your imagination. And everything else. 12MP Center Stage camera. Stay front and centre. Pause Play Replay Located on the long side of iPad Air, the 12MP Center Stage camera creates a perfect video calling experience — especially when iPad Air is attached to Magic Keyboard. And with Center Stage, machine learning enables the camera to automatically adjust to keep you centred in the shot. Advanced back camera. Shoot for the stars. The 12MP Wide back camera captures vivid photos and amazing 4K videos. And the large, high-resolution Liquid Retina display lets you retouch images, edit your film and easily share them — all on iPad Air. You can also use the back camera to scan documents and then fill them out with Apple Pencil. Machine learning enables features like Visual Look Up so you can identify objects in your photos and videos and learn more about them. Built-in mics and speakers. Sounds perfect. Record and play back rich audio with dual mics and landscape stereo speakers. Use the Notes app to record audio sessions like lectures or work meetings and generate live audio transcriptions that you can search through, add comments to, or copy and paste to other documents. Close Connectivity. Wait-less wireless. Stay connected with blazing-fast Wi‑Fi. And with 5G cellular capabilities on Wi-Fi + Cellular models, you have the option to add a flexible data plan whenever you need it to browse the web, play games, stream movies and more.5 Learn more about cellular for iPad Check out wireless and wired connections Connectivity. Wait‑less wireless. Blazing-fast connections. Get incredibly fast Wi-Fi with iPad Air. So you can stream, download and share at high speeds.5 Choosing 5G cellular capabilities gives you the ultimate flexibility so you can connect to the fastest wireless networks, even if it’s just for a day or while you’re on vacation.5 iPad Air uses eSIM, enabling a fast, convenient and secure way to activate your cellular data plan directly on your device.6 Learn more about cellular for iPad Bluetooth 5.3 low-latency audio supports next-generation headsets and hearing aids that use Bluetooth LE. Connect to displays, drives and devices with USB‑C. USB-C gives you fast, easy connections to your go‑to accessories like external displays, docks, drives and cameras. Perfect for quick transfers of large photos and videos.2 Close Designed to make a difference. What matters to you matters to Apple, too. From using more recycled materials that minimize environmental impact. To privacy protections that give you more control over your data. To creating built-in features that make iPad accessible to all. The new iPad Air has a durable design that uses 100 percent recycled aluminum in the enclosure. More on Apple and the environment Privacy is a fundamental human right. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. More on Apple and privacy The best technology works for everyone. That’s why our products and services are inclusive by design. More on built-in accessibility features Why Apple is the best place to buy iPad. Shop iPad Monthly payment options available. Choose an easy way to finance with convenient monthly payment options. Ways to Buy Pay monthly for your new iPad with Affirm Spread out the cost of your new iPad with convenient monthly payments from Affirm. Low interest rates and no hidden fees. Trade in an eligible Apple device. We'll apply the value as an instant credit to lower your monthly payments. Apply online and get a decision right away. If you complete the quick application now, you’ll be ready when it’s time to check out. Apply now with Affirm Financing details, including Quebec Save with Apple Trade In. Get credit toward your next iPad when you trade in an eligible device.7 Apple Trade In Get trade-in credit for your new device. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your device has been received and verified, we’ll apply the value of your current model to your payment method. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Save on a new iPad with education pricing. Available to university or college students and educators. Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options. Delivery and Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free next‑day delivery or convenient Apple pickup options. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Personalize your iPad for free. Engrave your new iPad with a mix of emoji, names, initials and numbers. Engraving Add a message that lasts. Choose from new engraving options. It’s the perfect way to personalize your iPad. Add a special message, name or birthday. Even combine text and numbers with your favourite emoji.8 Learn more about engraving your iPad Shop with an iPad Specialist. Shop one on one with a Specialist. Online or in a store. Shop one on one with a Specialist Get help finding what’s right for you. Shop one on one with a Specialist online. Or reserve a shopping session at an Apple Store. Shop online with a Specialist Meet your new iPad with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your iPad and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. When you buy your new iPad directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup, or focus on features that help you make the most of your iPad. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about your new iPad Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access Your Saves and track your orders. Opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options and store events. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app Keep exploring iPad. Explore all iPad New iPad Air Available in Space grey, Blue, Purple and Starlight Serious performance in a thin and light design. ‡ Currently viewing Buy 13” or 11” Liquid Retina display1 — P3 wide colour True Tone Antireflective coating M3 chip Apple Intelligence** 12MP Wide camera 4K video Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Air iPad Pro Available in Space black and Silver The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology. ‡ Learn more Buy 13” or 11” Ultra Retina XDR display1 ProMotion technology P3 wide colour True Tone Antireflective coating Nano-texture display glass option on 1TB and 2TB models M4 chip Apple Intelligence** 12MP Wide camera 4K video, ProRes Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera TrueDepth camera system Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro Compare all iPad models iPad Explore iPad Explore All iPad iPad Pro iPad Air iPad iPad mini Apple Pencil Keyboards Compare iPad Why iPad Shop iPad Shop iPad iPad Accessories Apple Trade In Financing More from iPad iPad Support AppleCare+ for iPad iPadOS 18 Apple Intelligence Apps by Apple iCloud+ Education Apple Footer ‡ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199 and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here. 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1,099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. ** Apple Intelligence is available in beta on iPad mini (A17 Pro) and iPad models with M1 and later, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK or U.S.), as an iPadOS 18 update. Additional features and Chinese (Simplified), English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish language support available in early April, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 13‑inch iPad Pro is 13 inches, the 11‑inch iPad Pro is 11.1 inches, the 13‑inch iPad Air is 12.9 inches, the 11‑inch iPad Air and iPad are 10.86 inches and the iPad mini is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less. Accessories sold separately. Testing conducted by Apple in January and February 2025 using preproduction iPad Air 11‑inch (M3) and iPad Air 13‑inch (M3) units as well as production iPad Air (5th generation) units. Tested with Procreate Dreams v1.0.14 by exporting a 29‑second project. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Air. Testing conducted by Apple in January and February 2025 using preproduction iPad Air 11‑inch (M3) and iPad Air 13‑inch (M3) units. Testing consisted of full battery discharge while performing each of the following tasks: video playback and internet browsing using Wi‑Fi or cellular data network (cellular models subscribed to LTE and 5G carrier networks). Video content was a repeated 2‑hour 23‑minute movie purchased from the iTunes Store. Internet over Wi‑Fi and cellular data network tests were conducted using dedicated web servers, browsing snapshot versions of 20 popular web pages. All settings were default except: Wi‑Fi was associated with a network (except for internet browsing over cellular data network); the Wi‑Fi feature Ask to Join Networks and Auto-Brightness were turned off; Brightness was set to 50%; and WPA2 encryption was enabled. Battery life depends on device settings, usage, network, and many other factors. Battery tests are conducted using specific iPad units; actual results may vary. Wi‑Fi 6E available in countries and regions where supported. Data plan required. 5G, Gigabit , LTE and Wi-Fi calling are available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds are based on theoretical throughput and vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G and LTE support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/ipad/cellular. Not all carriers support eSIM. See your carrier for more details. For Model A3270 and A3271, contact China Unicom for more details. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. You can return your iPad even if you engrave it. And when you’re ready to upgrade, it won’t change your trade‑in value. Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change. Architectural Project designed by Alberto Beitia using Trimble SketchUp. Where Winds Meet coming later this year. △ Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted university and college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/ca-edu/shop.  Apple iPad iPad Air Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map