Wallet - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Wallet Open Wallet, Wallet. Apple Wallet Carry one thing. Everything. The Wallet app lives right on your iPhone. It’s where you securely keep your credit and debit cards, transit cards, event tickets, keys, and more — all in one place. And it all works with iPhone or Apple Watch, so you can take less with you but always bring more. Payments and Rewards Start here. Pay anywhere. Add a credit or debit card. With no added effort. Add a Credit or Debit Card Add a Credit or Debit Card Adding a card to Wallet is simple — just open the Wallet app and tap the back of your iPhone with your eligible credit or debit card and follow the steps on your screen.1 You’ll have the option to add it to your other devices at the same time. How to add a card New Flexible payments. For all the ways you pay. Flexible Payments Flexible Payments Apple Pay gives you flexibility at checkout. To pay later, simply tap the Apple Pay button at checkout, select your pay later provider, and tap it to see your options.2 To set up a new pay later option, go to Other Cards & Pay Later Options. Tap Pay Later to view your available plans and choose the one that works best for you. Learn more about flexible payments Apple Pay. Buy all the and more. Anywhere you see or . Apple Pay Apple Pay Apple Pay is the easy, secure way to pay in stores or online. Pay for a ride, a pizza or even a new sofa — with just a touch or a glance. And checking out in stores is safer than using physical cards since you don’t have to touch any buttons or exchange cash. It’s no work, all pay. Learn more about Apple Pay Loyalty and rewards. You reap what you store. Loyalty and Rewards Loyalty and Rewards Add your favorite coffee shop, drugstore, or retail rewards cards to Wallet, and next time you’re at checkout, just tap and pay to receive and redeem rewards.3 Never lose another card, another point, or another free double latte again. It’s the perfect way to get all your points across. Identity Cards Always on hand. Or wrist. Student ID. Big app on campus. Student ID Student ID Add your student ID card in Wallet and never worry about losing it again.4 Use your iPhone or Apple Watch anywhere your ID is accepted — both on and off campus. Just hold your device to the reader and get into places like your dorm, the library, and school events. Pay for laundry, snacks, and dinners nearby, too. There’s even a crisis hotline, so if you’re ever in need, you can reach out to someone for help. This is your pass, no fail. Transit and Tickets Your even more mobile device. Express Mode. Tap. Ride. Done. Express Mode Express Mode Set your PRESTO card or credit card to Express Mode, then just tap and hop on to ride the next train or bus.5 Breeze through turnstiles by holding your iPhone or Apple Watch to the reader. And add value through Apple Pay without going to a vending machine or kiosk. Happy trails and rails.* Learn more about Express Mode Boarding passes. Easier on the fly. Boarding Passes Boarding Passes After you add your airline passes to Wallet, just show up at your gate and present your screen to board — no need to unlock your iPhone.6 And receive timely flight information and notifications along the way. You’re cleared for a smooth boarding. Theme parks. Your ticket to ride, enter, eat and smile. Theme Parks Theme Parks Your trip to Walt Disney World just got even happier. Set up your Disney MagicMobile pass in Wallet and get easy access to features like entering the park with just your iPhone or Apple Watch, redeeming your spot in a virtual queue and connecting to Disney PhotoPass. You can even charge purchases to your Disney Resort hotel room. It’s a small world at your fingertips. Sports and live events. Just show. And go. Sports and Live Events Sports and Live Events With Wallet, your tickets are always at the ready.6 Enter a movie theatre, concert venue or sports stadium with just your iPhone or Apple Watch. Sure to be a real crowd pleaser. Learn more about adding and managing passes Keys Now with less key. Home key. So nice to come home to. Home Key Home Key With a home key in Wallet and a compatible smart lock, you can unlock your front door with just a tap of your iPhone or Apple Watch.7 Even if your device needs a charge, it will still work on power reserve. So feel free to show yourself in. Hotel key. A new level of room service. Hotel Key Hotel Key Now at select hotels you can add your hotel key to Wallet right after making a reservation. So you can skip the lobby and head straight to your room.8 You can also use your iPhone or Apple Watch to access the pool, fitness club, business centre and more. And your key can be updated in real time if you change your reservation or extend your stay. If you’re a repeat customer, a single key in Wallet can allow you to check in and unlock your room for all upcoming stays at hotels within the same brand. Car key. Leave the keys. Take the wheel. Car Keys Car Keys Once your digital car key is stored in Wallet, you’ll be able to unlock and start your car, open the trunk — even preheat the cabin — with just your iPhone or Apple Watch.9 Sharing keys with friends or family is easy, too. You can send keys through messaging apps, customize controls for new drivers, and share and revoke keys. Learn more about car keys in Wallet The wall around Wallet. Wallet takes full advantage of the privacy and security built into iPhone, which is designed to protect your identity and keep what’s yours yours. When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a unique transaction code, so your card number is never shared with a merchant or put on Apple servers. And there’s no need to carry physical cards or touch buttons in stores. So it’s safe to say you’ll feel safer. Questions? Answers. What is Apple Wallet? Apple Wallet is an app on iPhone and Apple Watch that securely and conveniently organizes your credit and debit cards, boarding passes, tickets, car keys, rewards cards and more — all in one place. How safe is Apple Wallet? In a word, very. Your cards are securely associated with your Apple Account to help you add and manage your cards and passes across devices. For added security, iCloud encrypts your Wallet data when it’s sent over the internet and stores it in an encrypted format when it’s on Apple servers. How do I use Apple Wallet? It’s easy to use different cards and passes in Apple Wallet. Some passes can automatically appear based on time and location, like a boarding pass when you arrive at the airport. If you have a credit, debit or rewards card in Wallet that works with Apple Pay, just double-click the Home button to open Wallet and use your card from the reader. On iPhone X or later, double-click the side button. Learn more You can also use Express Transit without having to wake or unlock your phone. Learn more You can even use your iPhone or Apple Watch as a home, car and hotel key. Learn more What is the difference between Apple Pay and Apple Wallet? Apple Pay is the safe way to pay and make secure purchases in stores, in apps and on the web. Apple Wallet is the place where you store your credit or debit cards so you can use them with Apple Pay. Apple Pay Pay the Apple way. Learn more Set up Apple Pay on your Apple device. iPhone Open the Wallet app and tap + to add a card. Apple Watch Open the Apple Watch app on your iPhone, tap Wallet & Apple Pay, and then tap Add Card. iPad Go to Settings > Wallet & Apple Pay, and tap Add Card. Mac On models with Touch ID, go to System Preferences > Wallet & Apple Pay, and tap Add Card. For more information, visit the Apple Pay setup support page. Apple Footer * To use Express Mode with a credit card in Wallet, you need an iPhone SE (2016) or iPhone 6s or later with iOS 12.3 or later, or an Apple Watch Series 1 or later with watchOS 5.2.1 or later. To add a PRESTO card to Wallet, you need an iPhone SE (2nd Gen) or iPhone 8 or later with iOS 16.4 or later, or an Apple Watch Series 4 or later with watchOS 9.4 or later. PRESTO in Apple Wallet can be used across the GTA Hamilton area. PRESTO in Apple Wallet is not accepted on OC Transpo in Ottawa. Payment cards can only be used for adult full fares. Credit cards and internationally issued Visa and Mastercard debit cards can be used with Express Transit in Wallet. Interac debit cards can be used by double-clicking on the side-button on the device. Must have an eligible and supported card. Not available in all markets. To use this feature, your card’s NFC technology must be activated and you may need to enter your card’s security code during setup. Software requirements apply. To ensure that you have all features of this product, update your iPhone to the latest software version. May need an eligible card. All loans are offered by your lending provider and are subject to the lending provider’s eligibility requirements and approval, as well as other lending provider terms. Not available in all markets, and may not be available for all types of purchases, such as subscriptions and recurring transactions. Depending on your card, to avoid paying off your loan early, you may need to adjust how you pay your card’s bill. For example, your entire loan may be reflected in the statement balance of your card, and thus paying your statement balance (instead of, for example, the minimum payment due or an adjusted balance) would pay off your entire loan early. Contact your card issuer for more details. This feature is only available with Apple Pay online and in apps, on iPhone or iPad. Not available in stores. Software requirements apply. To ensure that you have all features of this product, update your device to the latest software version. Additional eligibility requirements may apply. For more eligibility and feature details, see support.apple.com/en-ca/120477. Available only with select programs. Requires iPhone 6 or later with iOS 9 or later. See here for details. Available only in select schools. Requires eligible device and OS version. See here for details. Available only in select cities and transit systems. Requires eligible device and OS version. See here for details. Requires iPhone 6 or later with iOS 9 or later. See here for details. Available only on select home locks and properties. Requires eligible device and OS version. Available only at select hotels. Requires eligible device and OS version. Available only on select makes and models. Requires eligible device and OS version. See here for details. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see Feature Availability.  Apple Only on Apple Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map