Healthcare - Health Records - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Healthcare Overview Products and Platform Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records Health Records and Data Empower your patients with their health data. The Health app makes it easier than ever for users to be engaged in their health with ways to visualize, securely store, and share their health data. Your patients can aggregate their health records from multiple institutions alongside their patient-generated data, as well as share their health data with a provider to facilitate richer conversations. Put your patients at the centre of care. Enabling your patients to get their health records on iPhone or iPad can help them more actively participate in their health and help drive overall awareness of your patient portal. Engage your patients in their own health. When your patients have their medical information organized into one view right on their iPhone or iPad, it can help them better understand their overall health and provide key elements of their medical history when visiting a new provider. Adding verifiable health records to the Health app. If a vaccine provider or health system supports the SMART Health Cards specification, it can allow your patients to store verifiable COVID‑19 vaccination or test result records in the Health app. Your patients can add these records by downloading a file or scanning a QR code, so they can easily access them at any time. Verifiable COVID‑19 vaccination information can also be added as a vaccination card to Wallet. Complement your patient portal. Connecting to the Health app has the potential to drive additional awareness and adoption of your patient portal and other services you offer because authentication through the Health app uses the same patient login credentials supported by your organization. see quote 1 see quote 2 see quote 3 Empowering the patient with their health records on iPhone aligns with our vision of breakthrough innovations in patient-provider engagement. Seamless integration with our EHR makes it easy for our patients to have a complete picture of their health. Randy Gaboriault Senior Vice President, Chief Digital and Information Officer, Christiana Care Health Records on iPhone puts our patients at the centre of their care. As a Digital Health Exemplar organisation in the NHS, we are committed to the potential for technology to empower patients to take control of their healthcare. David Walliker Chief Digital and Partnerships Officer at Oxford University Hospitals (OUH) NHS Foundation Trust Patients can now collate health records from different medical providers and can show that information to their caregivers and care teams right from their iPhone. This effectively makes the patient a custodian of their own health data. Dr. Dan Perri Chief Medical Information Officer, St. Joseph’s Healthcare Hamilton - Ontario, Canada Keeping patients and healthcare providers connected, in a few simple steps. We’ve worked closely with multiple EHR vendors and others in the healthcare community to make it easy for you to enable these features. Explore the list of participating institutions Built with industry standards. The connection between your electronic health record (EHR) and a user’s Health app utilizes FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standard APIs as defined by the Argonaut Project. Supported data types are allergies, conditions, immunizations, lab results, medications, procedures and vitals. Designed to protect privacy. Apple is providing a user the ability to request and download their health records utilizing a direct, encrypted connection between the user’s iPhone and the APIs provided by the health system or clinic. As part of this feature, Apple is not creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting personal health information for or on behalf of health systems or their business partners. Encrypted and secure throughout. When health record data is transferred from a healthcare institution to the Health app, it is encrypted and does not traverse Apple’s network. When a user’s iPhone is locked with a passcode, Touch ID or Face ID, their health data in the Health app is encrypted on-device. If a user chooses to sync their health data with iCloud, it is encrypted while in transit and at rest. Creates a seamless connection. The connection leverages OAuth 2.0, which allows users to authenticate once and create an enduring connection to your EHR APIs. The Health app will periodically connect to your EHR APIs to pull in any new health records and notify the user when new records are available. Get started today. Please check first with your EHR contact to determine how to prepare your institution to register with Apple. Apple does not charge institutions any fees for registration or to maintain a connection. Registration is available to healthcare institutions in Canada, the UK and U.S. only. Register Now The best tools for the highest level of care. Leading healthcare institutions around the world are using our products and platform to innovate. Apps on iPhone and iPad are enhancing care delivery in the hospital, enabling new models of care at home, and transforming the way research is conducted. Learn more about Apple in Healthcare Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. Apple Footer  Apple Healthcare Health Records Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map