Education - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ K–12 Higher Education University and College Students Success Stories New Apple and Education Inspiring every kind of mind. Everyone has their own way of learning and expressing creativity. Apple technology and resources empower every kind of educator — and every kind of student — to learn, create and define their own success. Let’s move the world forward. K–12 Ignite the creativity in every student. Learn more Higher Education Teach. Innovate. Inspire. Every which way. Learn more University and College Students Best in class. On campus and beyond. Learn more How to Buy Find the right solution for your K–12 school. Learn more Empower your campus with Apple technology. Learn more Get special pricing for educators and students. Save on Mac and iPad Spotlight Unlocking every student’s potential. With iPad. District School Board Ontario North East uses iPad to empower its diverse student population. Read the storyabout District School Board Ontario North East Switching to Mac and iPad inspired more exceptional teaching. And learning. See how Apple devices ease teachers’ workload, streamline lessons and elevate this Australian high school. Read the storyabout Brisbane When every student has an iPad, every lesson can be personalized. Learn why school administrators at Zhiqing Municipal Elementary choose a 1:1 iPad approach — changing the way teachers teach and students learn. Read the storyabout Zhiqing Apple Footer  Apple Education Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map