Healthcare - Mac in Healthcare - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Healthcare Overview Products and Platform Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records Mac in Healthcare Revolutionizing healthcare with Mac. Intuitive as it is powerful, Mac helps healthcare organizations of every kind deliver cutting-edge care. Thanks to the groundbreaking capabilities of Apple silicon, Mac brings blazing-fast performance to demanding workflows, state-of-the-art security to safeguard sensitive records, and exceptional power efficiency and all-day battery life. Secure by design. Apple devices are as secure as they are easy to use. State‑of-the‑art features make it simple to protect your data and devices. And built-in frameworks enable IT to manage security systemwide. Together, Apple hardware, software and services make advanced security seamless. Elevate the clinician experience. Epic Hyperspace was developed for Mac, enabling providers to easily access patient records and authenticate using Touch ID. Clinicians can stay a step ahead with AI-powered clinical summaries, AI-drafted replies to patient messages and ambient technology to convert conversations into structured notes. Sequencing for a new generation. With Apple silicon and Oxford Nanopore, sequencing becomes not just powerful but also more globally accessible. Medical imaging at your fingertips. The power of Apple silicon has changed DICOM viewing, taking medical imaging and blazing-fast volume rendering to another level. See how Mac supports powerful imaging apps. Visage 7 View the App Visage 7 offers a native macOS experience without any browser dependencies, providing an optimal user experience for imaging with multidimensional visualization. All data is streamed ultrafast and on demand from the server using advanced thin-client technology. Falcon MD View on the App Store Designed specifically for Mac with Apple M-series chips, Falcon MD™, which is FDA-cleared, offers advanced post-processing tools for viewing DICOM images. It utilizes Apple silicon and technologies such as Metal to render photorealistic 3D volumes. MIM for macOS View the App MIM focuses on nuclear medicine and radiation oncology. It’s used primarily for oncology diagnosis, tumor tracking and image processing. This app is FDA cleared and CE certified for Mac. OsiriX MD View the App OsiriX MD combines 3D and 4D image processing with advanced features such as fusion. It’s certified for medical use, FDA-cleared and CE II–labelled. Transforming care with Mac. Mac is changing how care teams work together, connect with patients and unravel the mysteries of rare diseases. Watch the video Technology that makes healthcare more human. UMC Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands Read the story about UMC Utrecht Surgeons access vital medical imaging with ease on Mac. Powering innovative medicine. UMC Utrecht, Utrecht, Netherlands Watch the video 12KEmployees 230KYearly patients 5.7KApple devices deployed UMC Utrecht is one of the largest university medical centers in the Netherlands. The public hospital treats some of the most complex cases in Holland, seeing more than 230,000 patients from across the country each year. Healthcare workers at UMC Utrecht strive to give the best possible care to their patients. And they use Mac, iPhone and iPad to help enhance productivity so they can deliver on this promise at scale. They offer Mac to their clinicians as part of a device choice program, nurses receive an iPhone to support them through their day and patients are given an iPad to access hospital services during their stay. My MacBook Air is instantly on and with Touch ID I can get the information I need immediately and securely in emergencies, when every second counts. Dr. Nizar Moayeri Neurosurgeon, UMC Utrecht Clinicians are able to choose their devices, and 85% choose Mac because of its intuitive operating system, built-in security features, outstanding performance and compatibility with the software they use every day — including Microsoft 365. Mac is also lightweight and power-efficient, allowing physicians to access patient records all day on a single charge.* UMC Utrecht’s Mac IT team of two can easily deploy and manage the entire fleet of 2,500 devices — saving time and money. Senior Engineer Henk Codfried says, “I love the security features which makes it easy for us to manage all our devices centrally. We also have seen fewer support tickets overall with our Mac users.” Apple devices have also transformed the patient experience and improved efficiency for care teams, so they can spend more time at the bedside. UMC Utrecht is one of the first hospitals in Europe to give nurses their own iPhone. With instant access to apps, nurses have up-to-date information on treatments and tools to connect with patients and care teams. And with ward patients receiving an iPad during their stay, they can order meals, watch their favourite shows and even make informed choices about their medical care and procedures. Not only does this help patients feel more at ease, but it frees up nurses’ time so they can focus on other vital parts of their role. The right technology can reduce frustrations and burnout. With Apple devices, we can collaborate successfully and get access to what we need, no matter where we are. It helps us spend more time focusing on patient care. Dr. Sander Muijs Orthopedic Surgeon, UMC Utrecht * Battery life varies by use and configuration. Discover how UMC Utrecht uses Mac, iPhone and iPad to transform healthcare for patients across the Netherlands. Read the story about UMC Utrecht The best tools for the best care. Explore how Mac can change your work Contact us. Get expert help from the Apple Business team by calling 1‑800‑GO‑APPLE. Apple Footer The mention of third-party products is for informational purposes only and represents neither an endorsement nor a warranty. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance or use of these vendors or products. Some features, applications and services may not be available for all areas. Application availability and pricing are subject to change. Epic Hyperspace by Epic Systems Corporation. Falcon MD by iCat Solutions Ltd. MIM for macOS by MIM Software Inc. OsiriX MD by Pixmeo. Oxford Nanopore by vFairs LLC. Visage 7 by Visage Imaging GmbH.  Apple Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map