Healthcare - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Healthcare Overview Products and Platform Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records Healthcare Technology The future of healthcare is in your hands. Healthcare providers can deliver the best care when they have powerful, intuitive tools. Our technology helps them work effectively within hospitals, connect remotely with patients and conduct groundbreaking medical research. The result is care that becomes more efficient, more personalized and ultimately more human. Apple in the hospital. Our products transform the way doctors and nurses work with their patients. Apps on Mac, iPhone and iPad allow hospitals to work more efficiently. Clinicians can access health records and data right when they need them. Nurses can ensure better patient safety while administering medication. And patients can stay informed and engaged in their own care by communicating with their medical teams during hospital stays. Empowering clinicians at UMC Utrecht. Watch the video Building a vaccination program at UCHealth. Watch the video Continue patient care at home. At home, iOS and iPadOS apps enable patients to stay connected to their care teams between office visits. Healthcare organizations can use off-the-shelf apps or use CareKit to create apps that empower patients to manage their health. iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, the Health app, and HealthKit-enabled apps and medical devices make it easy for patients to record their health data and share it with their care teams. Enabling neonatal care at home with UVA. Watch the video Managing chronic disease at Ochsner. Watch the video Create custom apps for medical research. Medical researchers can streamline their studies by building apps with ResearchKit. The open source framework makes it easier for researchers to enrol participants, capture informed consent and gather medical information more frequently, rather than only during periodic visits. Collaboration with the medical community to move care and research forward. Our health report shares how we’re supporting the health ecosystem by working closely with the medical community so that you can push the frontier of what's possible in health. Read our latest news and updates in our Health Report (PDF) The technology to make healthcare more personal. See how Apple products and apps help healthcare providers streamline their work, deliver better care and conduct medical research. Learn more about our products and platform Mac can transform the way you work. See how clinical apps on Mac transform the way healthcare is delivered. Apple silicon brings game-changing power, speed and battery life to Mac. Learn more about Mac in Healthcare Understand how your patients can use health features on Apple Watch. See how heart rate notifications, irregular rhythm notifications and the ECG app on Apple Watch can help give your patients an early warning sign that further evaluation may be warranted. Learn more about health features on Apple Watch Empower your patients with their health data. The Health app makes it easier than ever for users to be engaged in their health with ways to visualize, securely store and share their health data. You can now view certain data that patients have chosen to share from within your EHR workflow. Learn more about health records Contact us. Get expert help from the Apple Business team by calling 1‑800‑GO‑APPLE. Apple Footer The mention of third-party products is for informational purposes only and represents neither an endorsement nor a warranty. Apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance or use of these vendors or products. Some features, applications and services may not be available for all areas. Application availability and pricing are subject to change. Epic Hyperspace by Epic Systems Corporation. Lana by Lana Health.  Apple Healthcare Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map