iPhone - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPhone 16 Pro iPhone 16 iPhone 16e New iPhone 15 Compare AirPods AirTag Accessories iOS 18 Shop iPhone Get credit toward iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Pro when you trade in an eligible smartphone.Get credit toward iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Pro when you trade in an eligible smartphone.* Shop iPhone iPhone Designed to be loved. Get to know iPhone. Apple Intelligence AI‑opening possibilities.1 Apple Intelligence AI-opening possibilities.1 Available now Now that’s smart. Our latest iPhone models are built for Apple Intelligence, the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.1 Find just the right words. Writing Tools can proofread your text and rewrite different versions until the tone is just right, and summarize selected text with a simple tap. They're available nearly everywhere you write, including third-party apps. Express yourself visually. Make a Genmoji right in the keyboard to match any conversation. Want to create a rainbow cactus? You got it. Just provide a description to see a preview. A new era for Siri. Awareness of your personal context enables Siri to help you in ways that are unique to you. Can’t remember when your mom’s flight is arriving? Siri can help find what you’re looking for, without compromising your privacy. Siri’s personal context understanding, onscreen awareness and in-app actions are in development and will be available with a future software update. Designed to protect your privacy at every step. With Private Cloud Compute, Apple Intelligence can draw on larger, Apple‑designed server‑based models, running on Apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. Cutting-Edge Cameras Picture your best photos and videos. Cutting-Edge Cameras Picture your best photos and videos. Stunning made simple. The advanced cameras in iPhone automatically capture phenomenal photos with great detail and colour. Want to take the perfect shot in record time? iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro have Camera Control, giving you an easier way to quickly access camera tools. Keep on zoomin’. With a wide range of focal lengths, iPhone gives you exceptional framing flexibility — from sharp close‑ups to sweeping Ultra Wide shots that let you capture more of a scene without stepping back. Make movies like the movies. Get artful depth effects when you film in Cinematic mode. Use Action mode to steady shaky scenes as you shoot. Boost the voices of the people in your video with Audio Mix. And with iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Pro, quickly access camera tools with Camera Control.2 Chip and Battery Life Fast that lasts. Chip and Battery Life Fast that lasts. Super smart, super speedy Apple silicon. iPhone chips enhance everything you do. Our latest chips unlock Apple Intelligence, power advanced photo features like latest‑generation Photographic Styles, and enable AAA gaming. Long-lasting battery life? 100%. Our hardware and software are designed to work together efficiently, so you can do more on a single charge — like watching up to 33 hours of video on iPhone 16 Pro Max.3 Made for 5G. iPhone + 5G = a super fast experience.4 And when you don’t need all that speed, iPhone shifts into Smart Data mode to preserve battery life. Power. Fully. Fast. Snap on a MagSafe Charger.5 Or plug in a USB‑C Power Adapter. iPhone 15 and later have USB‑C, so you can charge your iPhone with the same cable as your Mac and iPad.6 Innovation Beautiful and durable, by design. Innovation Beautiful and durable, by design. Second to none. iPhone is known for its iconic design and premium materials — like iPhone 16 Pro, which is forged in titanium. On the brilliant display, Dynamic Island bubbles up important info so you don’t miss a beat. Last phone standing. iPhone is protected by Ceramic Shield, which is tougher than any smartphone glass. Little spill? No biggie — iPhone also stands up to splashes from everyday liquids like water, coffee and soda.7 Ease of use. We design our hardware and software together for a seamless experience. Want to share your contact info? Hold your iPhone close to theirs. New AirPods? It’s a one‑tap setup. And regular iOS updates keep your iPhone feeling new for years to come. Environment Recycle. Reuse. Repeat. Environment Recycle. Reuse. Repeat. Innovation in conservation. Our disassembly robots — Daisy, Dave and Taz — recover crucial materials like gold, cobalt, tungsten and rare earth elements from recycled iPhone devices, so they can be used to make new ones. More recycled content? Naturally. We’re significantly expanding the use of key recycled metals in iPhone batteries, magnets and circuit boards. Case in point: Our latest models contain 95 percent recycled lithium in the battery cathode — a first for Apple.8 Apple Trade In. When you’re ready to buy a new iPhone, you can trade in your current iPhone or Android device and apply any credit toward your purchase. If your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. Planet-worthy packaging. For the first time, iPhone packaging is 100 percent fibre-based.9 And there’s no plastic wrap in or around the box. On track to carbon-neutral. Our stores, offices and data centres are already carbon-neutral. By 2030, Apple will be carbon-neutral across our entire carbon footprint. Privacy Your data. Just where you want it. Privacy Your data. Just where you want it. Groundbreaking privacy protections. Apple Intelligence is integrated into your iPhone through on-device processing. With Private Cloud Compute, it can draw on larger, Apple-designed server-based models, running on Apple silicon, to handle more complex requests while protecting your privacy. Sign in safely. The Passwords app makes it easier to access account passwords, passkeys, Wi‑Fi passwords and two‑factor authentication codes stored securely on your device or synced with iCloud Keychain. Browse securely. Private Browsing in Safari locks browsing windows when they’re not being used, blocks known trackers from loading on pages and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse. Share privately. All messages sent with iMessage use end-to-end encryption between devices, so they’re only seen by those you send them to. And Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t determine your location. Pay the Apple Pay way. When you make a purchase with Apple Pay, your card numbers are never stored on your device or on Apple servers — and they’re never shared by Apple with merchants, either. Customize Your iPhone Make it you. Through and through. Customize Your iPhone Make it you. Through and through. Customization on Lock. Home. And beyond. Swap out your Lock Screen controls for ones you use more often — you can even assign a control to the Action button. Tint your Home Screen icons and widgets or let iOS choose a colour to match your wallpaper. iPhone for all. Built-in accessibility features help you do what you love in the ways that work best for you. For example, Eye Tracking lets you navigate iPhone with just your eyes, thanks to the power of on-device machine learning and the front-facing camera. Peace of Mind Helpful features. On and off the grid. Peace of Mind Helpful features. On and off the grid. Out of range. Not out of reach. Unique safety features allow iPhone to connect to satellite frequencies — so you can send and receive messages via satellite or text emergency services when you don’t have cell service or Wi‑Fi.10 Everyday reassurance. With Find My, you can securely share your location with friends and family. And in Messages, you can use Check In to automatically let someone know when you’ve reached your destination safely. Switch to iPhone. You have an Android phone. But want an iPhone. See how easy it is to switch. Learn more about switching to iPhone Explore the lineup. Compare all models iPhones iPhone 16 Pro Available in Desert Titanium, Natural Titanium, White Titanium and Black Titanium The ultimate iPhone. ‡ Learn more Buy Apple Intelligence1 A18 Pro chip with 6-core GPU Camera Control Pro camera system Our most advanced 48MP Fusion camera 5x Telephoto camera 48MP Ultra Wide camera Visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings Up to 33 hours video playback3 iPhone 16 Available in Ultramarine, Teal, Pink, White, and Black A total powerhouse. ‡ Learn more Buy Apple Intelligence1 A18 chip with 5-core GPU Camera Control Advanced dual-camera system 48MP Fusion camera 2x Telephoto 12MP Ultra Wide camera Visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings Up to 27 hours video playback3 New iPhone 16e Available in White and Black Latest iPhone. Greatest price. ‡ Learn more Buy Apple Intelligence1 A18 chip with 4-core GPU — Camera Control not applicable 2‑in‑1 camera system 48MP Fusion camera 2x Telephoto — Camera not applicable Visual intelligence, to learn about your surroundings Up to 26 hours video playback11 iPhone 15 Available in Pink, Yellow, Green, Blue and Black As amazing as ever. ‡ Learn more Buy — Apple Intelligence not applicable A16 Bionic chip with 5-core GPU — Camera Control not applicable Dual-camera system 48MP Main camera 2x Telephoto Ultra Wide camera — Visual intelligence not applicable Up to 26 hours video playback3 Take a closer look. A Guided Tour of iPhone 16 & iPhone 16 Pro Watch the film Why Apple is the best place to buy iPhone. Shop iPhone Save with Apple Trade In. Get credit toward iPhone 16 or iPhone 16 Pro when you trade in iPhone 12 or higher.* Apple Trade In Get trade‑in credit for your new device. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your device has been received and verified, we’ll apply the value of your current model to your payment method. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Get 0% APR monthly payments. Choose an easy way to finance your new iPhone with convenient monthly payment options. Ways to Buy Pay monthly with Affirm. Spread out the cost of your new iPhone with interest-free monthly payments and no hidden fees. Financing details, including Quebec Financing details, including Quebec Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options. Delivery & Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with a handful of delivery and pickup options to choose from. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Shop one on one with a Specialist. Online or in a store. Shop one on one with a Specialist Get help finding what’s right for you. Shop one on one with a Specialist online. Shop online with a Specialist Meet your new iPhone with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your iPhone and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. When you buy your new iPhone directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup, or focus on features that help you make the most of your iPhone. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about your new iPhone Explore a shopping experience designed around you. When you shop in the Apple Store app. Apple Store app Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, find flexible payment options, track your orders, and more. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app iPhone essentials. All iPhone accessories iPhone accessories Explore colourful cases, USB-C power adapters, MagSafe accessories and more. Shop iPhone accessories AirTag Attach one to your keys. Put another in your backpack. If they’re misplaced, just use the Find My app. Buy Significant others. iPhone and Mac With iPhone Mirroring, you can view your iPhone screen on your Mac and control it without picking up your phone. Continuity features also let you answer calls or messages right from your Mac. You can even copy images, video or text from your iPhone and paste it all into a different app on your Mac. And with iCloud, you can access your files from either device. iPhone and Apple Watch Misplaced your iPhone? The latest Apple Watch models can show you its approximate distance and direction.12 To set up a group photo on your iPhone, join the group and use Apple Watch as a viewfinder to snap the shot. And when you take a call on your Apple Watch, just tap your iPhone to continue the conversation there. iPhone and AirPods Set up AirPods on iPhone with just a tap. You’ll love Adaptive Audio, which automatically tailors the noise control for you to provide the best listening experience across different environments and interactions throughout the day. iPhone Apple Footer * Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. ‡ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199 and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here. 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1,099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. Apple Intelligence is available in beta on all iPhone 16 models, iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK or U.S.), as an iOS 18 update. Additional features and Chinese (Simplified), English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish language support available in early April, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. Cinematic mode available on iPhone 13 models, iPhone 14 models, iPhone 15 models, iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max. Action mode available on iPhone 14 models, iPhone 15 models, iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max. Audio Mix available on iPhone 16e, iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max. Battery life claim refers to larger models. All battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. Battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. See apple.com/ca/batteries and apple.com/ca/iphone/battery.html for more information. Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/iphone/cellular. Accessories sold separately. The included USB‑C Charge Cable is compatible with AirPods Pro (2nd generation) with MagSafe Charging Case (USB‑C). iPhone 16 models are splash-, water- and dust-resistant, and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 metres up to 30 minutes). Splash, water and dust resistance are not permanent conditions. Resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty. On a mass balance allocation. Responsible sourcing of wood fibre is defined in Apple’s Responsible Fiber Specification. We consider wood fibres to include bamboo. Emergency SOS and Messages via satellite are included for free for two years with the activation of any iPhone 14 or later model. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions and other factors. Messages via satellite requires a carrier plan. SMS messaging via satellite is available on supported carriers. SMS message rates may apply. See support.apple.com/en-ca/HT213885 for more information. All battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. Battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. See apple.com/ca/batteries and apple.com/ca/iphone/battery.html for more information. Requires an iPhone and Apple Watch with second-generation Ultra Wideband chip. Ultra Wideband availability varies by region. Honor of Kings World coming in 2025. To use Apple Pay, you need a supported card from a participating card issuer. To check if your card is compatible with Apple Pay, contact your card issuer. Apple Pay is not available in all markets. View Apple Pay countries and regions. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see Feature Availability.  Apple iPhone Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map