iPad - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPad Pro iPad AirNew iPadNew iPad mini Compare Apple Pencil KeyboardsNew Accessories iPadOS 18 Shop iPad iPad Touch, draw and type on one magical device. Loading iPad lineup and its accessories animation Get to know iPad. Apple Intelligence Personal, private, powerful. Productivity Your workplace can be any place. Creativity Take your inner artist out and about. Learning Your classroom can be anywhere. Entertainment Kick back. Tune in. Game on. Apple Pencil Dream it up. Jot it down. iPadOS + Apps Everyday superpowers. Built right in. Explore the lineup. Compare all models iPad Pro space black silver The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology. Learn moreBuy iPad Pro 13” or 11” Ultra Retina XDR display4 ProMotion technology P3 wide colour Nano-texture display glass option on 1TB and 2TB models M4 chip Apple Intelligence1 12MP Wide camera 4K video, ProRes Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera TrueDepth camera system Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB-C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro New iPad Air space gray blue purple starlight Serious performance in a thin and light design. Learn moreBuy iPad Air 13” or 11” Liquid Retina display4 P3 wide colour M3 chip Apple Intelligence1 12MP Wide camera 4K video Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB-C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Air New iPad blue pink yellow silver The colourful, all-screen iPad for the things you do every day. Learn moreBuy iPad 11” Liquid Retina display4 sRGB colour A16 chip —Apple Intelligence not applicable 12MP Wide camera 4K video Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera Supports Apple Pencil (USB-C) Supports Apple Pencil (1st generation)5 Supports Magic Keyboard Folio iPad mini space gray blue purple starlight The full iPad experience in an ultraportable design. Learn moreBuy iPad mini 8.3” Liquid Retina display4 P3 wide colour A17 Pro chip Apple Intelligence1 12MP Wide camera 4K video 12MP Center Stage camera Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB-C) Supports Bluetooth keyboards iPad essentials. Apple Pencil Dream it up. Jot it down. Learn more Keyboards for iPad Type it out. Take it with you. Learn more Why Apple is the best place to buy iPad. Shop iPad Monthly payment options available. Choose an easy way to finance with convenient payment options. Ways to BuyPay monthly for your new iPad with Affirm Spread out the cost of your new iPad with convenient monthly payments from Affirm. Low interest rates and no hidden fees. Trade in an eligible Apple device. We'll apply the value as an instant credit to lower your monthly payments. Apply online and get a decision right away. If you complete the quick application now, you’ll be ready when it’s time to check out. Apply now with Affirm > Financing details, including Quebec Save with Apple TradeIn. Get credit towards your next iPad when you trade in an eligible device.6 Apple Trade-InGet trade-in credit for your new device. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your device has been received and verified, we’ll apply the value of your current model to your payment method. Terms apply.6 Learn more Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose from two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options. Delivery and PickupFlexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free next‑day delivery or convenient Apple pickup options. Learn more Personalize your iPad for free. Engrave your new iPad with a mix of emoji, names, initials and numbers. EngravingAdd a message that lasts. Choose from new engraving options. It’s the perfect way to personalize your iPad. Add a special message, name or birthday. Even combine text and numbers with your favourite emoji.7 Learn more Shop with an iPad Specialist Whether you shop in a store or online, our Specialists can help you pick something perfect. Shop with a SpecialistGet help finding what’s right for you. Shop one on one with a Specialist online. Or reserve a shopping session at an Apple Store. Shop with a Specialist online Meet your new iPad with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your iPad and discover new features. Personal SetupJump into online, one-on-one sessions. When you buy your new iPad directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup, or focus on features that help you make the most of your iPad. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop. Apple Store AppShop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items and track your orders. Plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options and store events. Download the Apple Store app Significant others. iPad and iPhone iPad is perfect for taking the content you capture on iPhone and bringing it to life on an immersive canvas. You can shoot videos and photos on your iPhone and use the large display of your iPad to edit, add animations and more. You can also pick up wherever you left off with Handoff. iPad and Mac iPad and Mac are designed to work together to form the ultimate creative setup. Sketch on your iPad and have it appear instantly on your Mac with Sidecar. Then use your iPad for drawing or editing with Apple Pencil or as a second display. Extend your workflow to new places, and when you return to your desk Universal Control allows you to use one mouse or trackpad seamlessly across both devices. iPad and Apple Watch iPad is a great way to optimize your workouts while tracking your progress on Apple Watch. See personal metrics from Apple Watch integrated on the screen of your iPad in real time. The sensors in Apple Watch combine with advanced algorithms to provide data that keeps you motivated. And see it all come together on your Health app on iPad. iPad Explore iPad Explore All iPad iPad Pro iPad Air iPad iPad mini Apple Pencil Keyboards Compare iPad Why iPad Shop iPad Shop iPad iPad Accessories Apple Trade In More from iPad iPad Support AppleCare+ for iPad iPadOS 18 Apple Intelligence Apps by Apple iCloud+ Education Apple Footer Apple Intelligence is available in beta on iPad mini (A17 Pro) and iPad models with M1 and later, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK, or U.S.), as an iPadOS 18 update. Additional features and Chinese (Simplified), English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish language support available in early April, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. Accessories sold separately. Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/ipad/cellular. The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 13-inch iPad Pro is 13 inches, the 11-inch iPad Pro is 11.1 inches, the 13-inch iPad Air is 12.9 inches, the 11-inch iPad Air and iPad are 10.86 inches, and the iPad mini is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less. USB‑C to Apple Pencil Adapter required to work with iPad. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. You can return your iPad even if you engrave it. And when you’re ready to upgrade, it won’t change your trade-in value. Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change. “Sports car” written by Grant Boutin, Julia Michaels, Ryan Tedder, and Tate McRae. Apple iPad Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map