Apple Arcade - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Arcade Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview How-to Films Try it free Get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy a new iPhone, iPad, Apple TV or Mac.* Learn more Apple Arcade is open Try it free Unlimited access to 200+ incredibly fun games, with more added all the time. Play across your Apple devices. And get immersed on Apple Vision Pro. No ads. No interruptions. No in-app purchases. Online or offline, games are always at your fingertips. Share your subscription with up to five family members. Look for the Apple Arcade icon on the App Store Free 1-month trial $8.99/mo.per month After the free trial, get unlimited access to 200+ games for the price of one premium game each month. Try it free1 Free 1-month trial Apple One Bundle Apple Arcade with up to five other great services for one low monthly price. And enjoy more for less. Learn more Try Apple One free2 Buy an Apple device 3 months free. Apple Arcade is included for three months when you purchase an Apple device and redeem the offer within 90 days.* Check eligibility Action. Adventure. Puzzles. Let the gaming begin. Apple Arcade gives you unlimited, uninterrupted access to the games you love. Brain-teasers, magical quests, endless runners, action-packed sports, beloved classics and more — with amazing new releases and updates added all the time. It’s the most fun place on your phone, ready to enjoy whenever and wherever. Super Fruit Ninja Action | Created for Apple Vision Pro Try it free Synth Riders Music | Created for Apple Vision Pro Try it free Game Room Classic | Created for Apple Vision Pro Try it free Hello Kitty Island Adventure Family Try it free Sneaky Sasquatch Adventure Try it free Sonic Dream Team Action Try it free See all games Play across your devices. iPhone iPad Mac Apple TV Apple Vision Pro Questions? Answers. What is Apple Arcade? Apple Arcade is a game subscription service that offers unlimited access to a growing collection of over 200 premium games — featuring new releases, award winners and beloved favourites from the App Store, all without ads or in-app purchases. You can play Apple Arcade games on iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV and Apple Vision Pro. What games are included? Every Apple Arcade game is handpicked to bring together an incredible variety of games for all play styles and generations. Types of games include puzzle, strategy, adventure, simulation, board, card, sports and more. Play exclusive Arcade Originals like Sneaky Sasquatch, Timeless Classics like Solitaire by MobilityWare+, and App Store Greats like Fruit Ninja Classic+. Arcade Originals are playable across iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV and Apple Vision Pro. Timeless Classics and App Store Greats are available on iPhone, iPad and Apple Vision Pro.** To see all 200+ games on Apple Arcade, browse the Arcade tab on the App Store. How often are new games added? New games and content updates are added to Apple Arcade all the time. To preview upcoming releases, look for the Coming Soon section in the Arcade tab on the App Store. Where do I find Apple Arcade? You can find Apple Arcade on the App Store through the Arcade tab. You can also search the App Store for a specific Apple Arcade game. On your iPhone or iPad: Open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab at the bottom of the screen. On your Apple TV: Open the Arcade app, or open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab at the top of the screen. On your Mac: Open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab in the sidebar. On your Apple Vision Pro: Open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab in the sidebar. What does it cost? That depends on which offer you choose. (1) Apple Arcade is free to try for one month1 and $8.99 per month or $59.99 per year with the annual plan after that. And with Family Sharing, you can share your subscription with up to five family members. (2) You can also get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy an Apple device.* (3) With Apple One, you can bundle Apple Arcade with Apple Music, Apple TV+, iCloud storage and more for a low monthly price.2 What do I need to join Apple Arcade? You can sign up for a free one-month trial and play Apple Arcade games using your iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV or Apple Vision Pro with the latest operating system. Can I play with a controller? You sure can. If you see a controller icon on a game’s App Store product page, the game has controller support. You can use a game controller to play many games in Apple Arcade. And some games on Apple TV even require one. Learn how to connect a wireless controller Apple One Bundle Apple Arcade with up to five other great services. And enjoy more for less. Try Apple One free2 Learn more Working with Arcade. If you’re developing a fun, unreleased game and would like it to be considered for Apple Arcade, we’d love to hear from you. Learn more Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer * New and qualified returning subscribers only. $8.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple Arcade three months free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. ** Some content may not be available in all areas or on all devices. New subscribers only. $8.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Compatible hardware and software required. Some content may not be available in all areas. Not all content shown will be available at service availability. Game availability for the 200+ titles across devices varies based on hardware and software compatibility. Some content may not be available in all areas. Game controllers work with select games and are sold separately. Availability may vary by country or region.  Apple Entertainment Apple Arcade Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map