Apple Books - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Books Open the app Apple Books Read, listen, discover. All in one app. Apple Books is the single destination to find, buy and dive into audiobooks and ebooks. Browse curated collections and get personalized recommendations. Share your books with up to five family members.* All with no subscription or monthly commitment. Open the app A library you’ll want to get lost in. Browse our global catalogue featuring millions of bestsellers, new releases and classics — with new audiobooks and ebooks added every week. Bestselling Audiobooks New & Trending Ebooks Fan-Favourite Audiobooks A novel reading and listening experience. Listen to audiobooks right in the app. Audiobooks is a tab right inside the Apple Books app, so you can easily find and get immersed in storytelling brought to life by talented narrators and celebrities. Reach your page-turning potential. Track your reading progress and celebrate achievements with Reading Goals — whether that’s how much you read in a day, a new streak record or how many books you’ve read this year. And get encouragement to reach your daily goals. Get personalized recommendations. The For You collection is a curated list of audiobooks, ebooks, authors and a Weekly Top 5 based on what’s already in your library. For You Fourth Wing Rebecca Yarros The Midnight Library Matt Haig Pick up where you left off. iCloud syncs your progress. So even when you switch devices, you’ll pick up right where you left off in your audiobook or ebook. And download your Apple Books titles to your device for offline reading or listening. Read and listen on your favourite devices. iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch CarPlay Apple Vision Pro Questions? Answers. What is Apple Books? Apple Books is a built-in app that lets you find, buy, listen to and read audiobooks and ebooks all in one place. You can browse curated collections, top audiobooks and top ebooks, and even get personalized recommendations. If you can’t find the app on your device, use the search function or look for Apple Books in the App Store. How much does Apple Books cost? The Apple Books app is free and there is no subscription. Audiobooks and ebooks are priced individually, and thousands of free audiobooks and ebooks are available. You can also sample audiobooks and ebooks for free while you browse. Can I play audiobooks on my devices? Yes. Audiobooks can be played on iPhone, iPad, CarPlay, Apple Watch, Mac and Apple Vision Pro. You can even play audiobooks on a Bluetooth speaker from your iPhone. Can I pre-order an audiobook or ebook? Yes. Apple Books makes it easy to find the most anticipated audiobooks and ebooks. Search for the title and select the Pre-Order button to confirm the purchase. The title will be added to your library automatically once it is available. To preview upcoming releases, look for the Coming Soon section in the app. Can I gift an audiobook or ebook? Yes. You can use Apple Books to gift an audiobook or ebook to anyone. Search for the title and select the gift box symbol to complete the purchase. Can I share Apple Books purchases with my family? You can share your Apple Books purchases with up to five other family members. What happened to iBooks? iBooks is now Apple Books. But don’t worry — any books you purchased on iBooks are in your Apple Books library. Working with Apple Books. Apple Books for Authors guides you through every step of your journey as an author, from structuring your story to packaging your digital book and selling it on our store. Even established authors will find valuable resources on how to grow sales and track performance. Apple Books for Authors Apple Performance Partners Program Apple Footer * Family Sharing requires a personal Apple ID signed in to iCloud. Music, movies, TV shows and books can be downloaded on up to 10 devices per account, five of which can be computers. iOS 8 or later and OS X Yosemite or later are required to set up or join a Family Sharing group and are recommended for full functionality. Not all content is eligible for Family Sharing.  Apple Entertainment Apple Books Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map