Apple Watch - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch Series 10 Apple Watch Ultra 2 Apple Watch SE Apple Watch Nike Apple Watch Hermès Apple Watch Studio Compare Bands AirPods New Accessories Apple Fitness+ watchOS 11 Shop Watch Get 3 months of Apple Fitness+ when you buy any Apple Watch.1 Shop Apple Watch Apple Watch The ultimate device for a healthy life. Get to know Apple Watch. Health Knows you by heart. Health Knows you by heart. Never miss a beat. With the ECG app, Apple Watch is capable of generating an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram.3 And the Heart Rate app alerts you of high and low heart rates, as well as irregular rhythm.4 You snooze. You win. Set up a bedtime routine and track your sleep. See the time you spent in REM, Core and Deep sleep, as well as when you might have woken up. And get notified if you show signs of possible sleep apnea.◊ Better understand your daily health status. The Vitals app can help you identify changes in your health.5 Quickly see your key overnight health metrics right on your wrist — including heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature,6 blood oxygen2 and sleep duration. The very picture of health. Apple Watch works with the Health app on iPhone to give you important insights on your sleep, activity, heart rate, menstrual cycle7 and mental health. Fitness Every move counts. Fitness Every move counts. Close your rings. Three rings show all the ways you’re active and help you reach your Move, Exercise and Stand goals every day. Works for all your workouts. From cycling to HIIT to yoga, you have a healthy number of ways to work out — with accurate tracking of all the metrics you most want to see. Hit the ground running. Apple Watch has everything you need for running. You can use views like Heart Rate Zones, target specific time goals with Pacer or do interval training with custom workouts. Go above, below and beyond. Apple Watch is water-resistant,8 dust-resistant9 and crack-resistant. So you can swim, hike and do everything in between without a worry. Connectivity The right call for staying in touch. Connectivity The right call for staying in touch. Stay connected from your wrist. Call, text, get notifications and listen to music from almost anywhere. With a cellular plan, you can do it all without your phone while jogging or running an errand.10 Your wallet. Without the wallet. Pay for just about anything right from your wrist with Apple Pay,11 Use Wallet as your home key, car key, boarding pass and transit card.12 Music and podcasts to your ears. Stream over 100 million songs with Apple Music.13 Download podcasts to your watch. Enjoy that new audiobook. And listen to it all on your AirPods or the built-in speaker on Apple Watch Series 10 or Apple Watch Ultra 2. Safety Good help is easy to find. Safety Good help is easy to find. Emergency services when you need them. Apple Watch can detect if you take a hard fall or are in a severe crash and then automatically call for help, share your location and notify your emergency contacts.14 Peace of mind on your wrist. Check In notifies someone when you arrive at a destination. If you’re going for a run after dark, you can start a Check In for the duration of your workout to automatically notify a friend when you’re done.15 Find My. What a find. The Find My app helps you easily find a friend in a crowded place or share your location to stay connected. You can also locate your lost or stolen devices. Sound the alarm. With Siren on Apple Watch Ultra, you can quickly alert those around you when you need help. Just press and hold the Action button and wait for the countdown. Apple Watch + iPhone Dynamic duo. Apple Watch + iPhone Dynamic duo. Lost and pinged. Ping your nearby iPhone to hear where it’s hiding. Precision Finding can direct you to it by showing its approximate distance and direction.16 Lights. Camera. Remote. Set up a group photo on iPhone, then use your watch to see and snap the shot or set a timer. It’s perfect for controlling your camera remotely. Turn-by-turn by wrist. Maps can provide turn-by-turn directions along with a haptic tap on your wrist when it’s time to turn. Great for when you’re walking on a busy street or biking a new route. You can even create a custom route on your iPhone and download it to your watch. Personalization Make it you-nique. Personalization Make it you-nique. Rock your favourite bands. Watch bands come in a wide range of colours, styles and materials, so it’s easy to switch up your look to match your mood. Dial up the faces. You can create an endless number of face combinations on Apple Watch — everything from Photos to Snoopy to Nike. Customize them, choose your complications and even share with friends. App Store. Open to possibilities. The App Store on Apple Watch gives you access to tens of thousands of apps right on your wrist, like Waterllama and SwingVision. It lets you personalize your watch for whatever you love to do. Apple Watch Ultra 2 The ultimate sports and adventure watch. Apple Watch Ultra 2 The ultimate sports and adventure watch. Strength in metrics. The larger screen of Apple Watch Ultra allows you to take in more data while you take on more. So whether you’re running, hiking, biking, diving or exploring, it’s got your number. GPS far ahead of the curve. Apple Watch Ultra features dual-precision GPS — the most accurate GPS in a sports watch.17 Go further. Go longer. Apple Watch Ultra gets up to 36 hours of normal use and up to 72 hours with low power settings enabled.18 More than enough to take on a marathon, long-form triathlon or three-day hike. Action-packed. The customizable Action button lets you quickly activate a variety of functions. Start or stop a workout, mark a segment, drop a Compass Waypoint or begin a dive. To switch from one function to another, just press and hold. Apple Watch For Your Kids Independence for them. Peace of mind for you. Apple Watch For Your Kids Independence for them. Peace of mind for you. A great family connection. Kids can enjoy all the fun, connectivity and activity tracking of Apple Watch, even if they don’t have their own iPhone.19 Learn more about Apple Watch For Your Kids Has everyone talking. Set up and manage watches for your children with your iPhone so they can make calls and send texts with their own phone number and Apple Account. You can even approve who they contact. Keep close watch. Your kids can share their location on Apple Watch, so you can receive alerts when they arrive at their destinations or get home. Explore the lineup. Compare all models Apple Watches Apple Watch SE Available in Aluminum in three colours — Midnight, Starlight and Silver. All the essentials. Light on price. ‡ Learn more Buy 44mm or 40mm aluminum case Retina display up to 1000 nits S8 SiP — Double tap gesture not applicable Siri Find iPhone — Blood Oxygen app not applicable — ECG app not applicable High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications4 Low cardio fitness notifications — Up to 18 hours20 Low Power Mode — Fast charging not applicable Apple Watch Series 10 Available in Aluminum in three colours — Jet Black, Rose Gold and Silver. And in Titanium in three colours — Slate, Gold and Natural. Thinnest. Biggest display.◊◊ Advanced health features. ‡ Learn more Buy 46mm or 42mm aluminum or titanium case Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits S10 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri Precision Finding for iPhone16 Blood Oxygen app2 ECG app3 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications4 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep apnea notifications◊ Up to 18 hours21 Up to 36 hours in Low Power Mode21 Fast charging22 Apple Watch Ultra 2 Available in Black Titanium and Natural Titanium. The ultimate sports and adventure watch. ‡ Learn more Buy 49mm titanium case Always-On Retina display Up to 3000 nits S9 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri Precision Finding for iPhone16 Blood Oxygen app2 ECG app3 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications4 Low cardio fitness notifications Sleep apnea notifications◊ Up to 36 hours18 Up to 72 hours in Low Power Mode18 Fast charging22 Apple Watch Studio Mix. Match. Make it yours. Choose a case. Pick a band. Configure your perfect watch. Create your style Why Apple is the best place to buy Apple Watch. Shop Apple Watch Monthly payment options available. Choose an easy way to finance with convenient monthly payment options. Ways to Buy Pay monthly with Affirm. Spread out the cost of your new device with convenient monthly payments from Affirm. Low interest rates and no hidden fees. Financing details, including Quebec Save with Apple Trade In. Get credit toward your next Apple Watch when you trade in an eligible device.23 Apple Trade In Get trade‑in credit for your new device. Just add a trade-in when you choose a new product. Once your device has been received and verified, we’ll apply the value of your current model to your payment method. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options. Delivery and Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with a handful of delivery and pickup options to choose from. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Shop with an Apple Watch Specialist. Shop one on one with a Specialist. Online or in a store. Shop one on one with a Specialist Get help finding what’s right for you. Shop one on one with a Specialist online. Shop online with a Specialist Meet your new device with Personal Setup. Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your Apple Watch and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one-on-one sessions. When you buy your new Apple Watch directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these guided online sessions, a Specialist can walk you through setup, or focus on features that help you make the most of your watch. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app for a more personal way to shop. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically to you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items, and track your orders. Plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app Apple Watch essentials. All Apple Watch accessories Show your true colours. Shop Apple Watch bands Magic runs in the family. Explore all AirPods models and find the best ones for you. Learn more Made for each other. Apple Watch and iPhone Combining Apple Watch and iPhone opens up a world of features that make each device better. You can do things like create a custom route with Maps on your iPhone, then download it to your watch to use any time. Or start a cycling workout on your watch and see your metrics automatically appear as a Live Activity on your iPhone. Apple Watch and Apple Fitness+ Apple Watch supercharges your Fitness+ experience with real‑time, personalized metrics onscreen, like your heart rate, calories burned and Activity rings.24 And you get the freedom of audio‑guided walks, runs and meditations with just your watch and AirPods. Apple Watch and AirPods You can do so much with just Apple Watch and AirPods — all without your iPhone. Take calls, stream music and podcasts, hear incoming notifications. Even respond to messages with Siri. Apple Watch Apple Footer ‡ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199 and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here. 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1,099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. ◊ The Sleep Apnea Notification Feature is available on Apple Watch Series 9 and later and Ultra 2. It is intended to detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea for people 18 or older without a diagnosis of sleep apnea. ◊◊ Compared to previous generations. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later or Apple Watch Series 3 or later paired with iPhone 6s or later. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. Blood Oxygen app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (excluding Apple Watch SE) and can generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Intended for use by people 22 years old and over. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. The temperature sensing feature is not intended for medical use. Temperature sensing is available only on Apple Watch Series 8 and later and all Apple Watch Ultra models. The Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Apple Watch SE and Apple Watch Series 10 have a water-resistance rating of 50 metres under ISO standard 22810:2010 and may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Series 10 can also be used for snorkelling to 6 metres. They should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Apple Watch Ultra 2 has a water-resistance rating of 100 metres under ISO standard 22810:2010 and may be used for high-speed water sports and recreational scuba diving (with compatible third-party app from the App Store) to 40 metres. It should not be used for diving below 40 metres. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For more information, see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT205000. Apple Watch Series 10 and Apple Watch Ultra 2 are also rated IP6X dust-resistant. Apple Watch Series 10 and Apple Watch Ultra 2 are rated IP6X dust-resistant. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/en-ca/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Apple Pay is not available in all markets. For a list of Apple Pay countries and regions, visit support.apple.com/en-ca/HT207957. Only available with select partners and locations, and requires eligible device and OS version. See apple.com/ca/wallet for details. Apple Music requires a subscription. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Check In requires watchOS 11 or later for the sender and iOS 17 or later for the recipient. Location sharing is not supported in South Korea and might be unavailable in other regions due to local laws. Requires an iPhone and Apple Watch with second-generation Ultra Wideband chip. Ultra Wideband availability varies by region. Based on route map and distance accuracy in challenging urban environments. Multi-day battery life is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 8 hours of LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 1200 time checks, 360 notifications, 60 minutes of app use and two 60-minute workouts with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 72 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 60 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 72 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Apple Watch For Your Kids. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2022 using preproduction Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) and Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 300 time checks, 90 notifications, 15 minutes of app use and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 600 time checks, 180 notifications, 30 minutes of app use and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 36-hour test; Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2024 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 10 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. Fast charging is compatible with Apple Watch Series 7 or later, including all Ultra models. It is not compatible with any Apple Watch SE model. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. A subscription is required for Apple Fitness+. A subscription is required for Oceanic+. Available on the App Store. Apple Watch Series 10 supports snorkelling to 6 m; Apple Watch Ultra 2 supports recreational scuba diving to 40 m. Always follow diving protocols and dive with a companion and have a secondary device. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 10 and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 18 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Bands are subject to availability. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese.  Apple Watch Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map