Contact - How to Contact Us - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Contacting Apple Sales and Product Inquiries Apple Online Store Apple.com is a convenient place to purchase Apple products and accessories from Apple and other manufacturers. You can buy online or call (800) MY–APPLE (800–692–7753). You can get information about an order you placed on the Apple Online Store through the Order Status page. If you prefer, you can also get order status or make changes by phone at (800) 692–7753. Shop with SignTime ASL Support American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters are available for all your online shopping needs, right in your web browser. Connect to an interpreter Apple Retail Stores Experience the digital lifestyle at any of the Apple Retail Stores around the country. Find store hours and contact information for all locations. Get Financing for Your Business or Your School Apple Financial Services offers financing on Apple products for educational institutions and businesses. Speak with your Apple representative to learn more. Find Consultants Visit our Apple Consultants Network page to find a consultant in Canada or the U.S. Find Authorized Training Providers Visit the Apple Training website for information on available courses and Apple Authorized Training Providers worldwide. Apple Canada Customer Accessibility Please visit Apple Accessibility to get additional information and provide feedback on the accessibility features found in Apple products. See also Apple Canada’s Accessibility Standards Policy and Plan. How to Buy for Education If you are a student or teacher, visit the Apple Store for Education or call 1–800–692–7753. If you are buying on behalf of an educational institution, visit the Apple Store for Education Institutions or call 800-800-2775, 7 days a week from 7 AM to 4 PM pacific time7 days a week from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Pacific time. Find Apple Authorized Resellers Use our Reseller Locator to find an Apple Authorized Reseller in Canada. Apple Authorized Resellers offer industry expertise, multi-platform services and Mac-based solutions for a wide variety of organizations. Canada Corporate Contacts Apple Store (Consumer and Education Individuals) 800-MY-APPLE (800-692-7753) Apple Store (Education Institutions) 800-800-2775 Apple Financial Services 800-854-3680 Product and Services Support Contact Apple Support Need service or support? Start your request online and we’ll find you a solution. More Ways to Get Help: Canada technical support: 800-263-3394 See all worldwide support telephone numbers Contact a mobile carrier Make a reservation at an Apple Retail Store Genius Bar Beats support: 800-442-4000 (Canada) or see all worldwide support telephone numbers Get ASL Support Through SignTime You can also receive AppleCare service and support in American Sign Language (ASL). Connect to an interpreter If you have a hearing or vision impairment, call 877-204-3930 for direct access to Apple representatives who are trained in providing support using accessibility services. Most Apple products are eligible for 90 days of complimentary technical support. Online technical support for Apple products is available beyond the initial 90 days. Browse Online Support Visit the Apple Support site for quick answers, manuals and in-depth technical articles. Visit Apple Support Communities to get help and tips from fellow Apple customers. For help with Beats by Dre headphones and speakers, visit Beats Support. For help with the Beats Music streaming service, visit Beats Music Support. Lost or Stolen Apple Products If you have lost or found an Apple product, contact your local law-enforcement agency to report it. You can also find a list of serial numbers associated with your Apple Account and get information about using Find My iPhone for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Mac. Legal For legal questions, please go to apple.com/legal/contact. To report suspected counterfeit or knockoff products, or other forms of suspected infringement of Apple intellectual property, select Counterfeits & Knockoffs from the bottom of the page. Corporate Address Apple Canada Inc. 120 Bremner Boulevard, Suite 1600 Toronto, ON M5J 0A8 647-943-4400 Frequently Requested Info Apple Account Support Learn more about getting an Apple Account and its benefits. Learn more AppleCare Products Find out how to get additional technical support and hardware service options for your Apple products. Learn more Repair and Service See all your repair and service options based on your product and location. Learn more Apple Support Communities Give and get help and tips from thousands of other Apple customers. Learn more Repair Status Quickly and easily get the status of one or all of your repairs. Learn more Job Opportunities Find current openings, college jobs, internships and more. Learn more Media and Analyst Info Get press releases, media contacts and more. Learn more Email Subscriptions Update your email address or change your subscription status. Learn more User Groups Mix and mingle with other Apple Users in your area. Learn more Feedback Tell us how we’re doing. Select the appropriate feedback option (we read everything, but can’t always respond): Product Feedback Website Feedback Developer Feedback Apple Footer  Apple Contacting Apple Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map