Apple News+ - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple News+ Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview All Publications Try it free* Try it free* Get 3 months of Apple News+ free with a new iPhone, iPad or Mac.1 Learn more Apple News+ A world of journalism. One trusted subscription. Try it free** Try it free* Access top stories from over 400 leading publications. Get the latest news from local, national and international titles. Solve daily puzzles created exclusively for Apple News+.2 Share your subscription with your family for free. Buy an Apple device 3 months free Get 3 months of Apple News+ free with the purchase of an eligible device.1 Check eligibility Free 1-month trial Apple News+ New subscribers get 1 month of Apple News+ free, then pay $16.99 per month. Try it free* Try it free* Free 1-month trial Apple One Bundle Apple News+ with five other great services for one low monthly price. Learn more Try Apple One free3 Compare plans Rewriting the reading experience. Explore an incredibly diverse and wide range of global publications in just one app. Expert editors surface the most compelling, must-read articles in Top Stories, Spotlight and other collections. Vivid photography and animation, rich videos and immersive layouts bring each story to life in striking detail. And you can even download issues to read offline. Explore all publications Solve puzzles Apple News+ includes original mini and full-size crossword puzzles, ranging in difficulty from easy to challenging. New crosswords are available daily, and you can take on past games from the archive. A global news source. Personalized for you. Stay close to what’s happening close to home. Get all the latest news from local publications in a growing number of cities — with coverage on politics, sports, dining, culture and more. The hard-hitting, fast- breaking sports news you need. Get highlights, scores and schedules for professional and college teams and leagues. Apple News+ unlocks access to The Athletic, Sports Illustrated, local newspapers and more. The feed that feeds your interests. As you read, Apple News gets a better understanding of your interests and suggests relevant stories that you can easily find throughout the app. Only you see what you read. Apple News only uses on-device intelligence to recommend stories and doesn’t access your information without your permission. We never share it with others or allow advertisers to track you. Read, listen and play Apple News on your favourite devices. iPhone Mac iPad CarPlay HomePod Apple Watch Extra. Extra. Apple News+ delivers more. $16.99/mo. after free trial* Try it free Try it free Features Apple News+ $16.99/ mo. Apple News Always free Hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers included not included Local news from top regional sources included not included Sports coverage from local and premium publications included not included Exclusive daily puzzles included not included Reading online and off across devices included not included Cover-to-cover magazines included not included Family Sharing for up to six included not included Top stories chosen by editors, personalized for you included included My Sports with scores, standings and highlights included included Local news included included Private and secure reading included included CarPlay included included Apple News+ Get 3 months of Apple News+ free with a new iPhone, iPad or Mac.1 Learn more Apple One Bundle Apple News+ with 5 other great services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free3 Learn more Questions? Answers. What is Apple News? Apple News is the easiest way to stay up to date with the news and information that matter most, with a seamless reading experience across all your devices. Experienced Apple News editors curate the day’s top stories from trusted sources, and advanced algorithms help you discover stories you’ll find interesting. You can also subscribe to an email newsletter featuring must-read articles from the Apple News editors. How is Apple News+ different from Apple News? Apple News and Apple News+ both feature the world’s best journalism from trusted sources, curated by human editors and personalized to your interests. With Apple News+ you unlock access to premium content from hundreds of magazines and leading local, national and international newspapers, and cover-to-cover magazine issues you can read online or off. How much does Apple News+ cost? Apple News+ costs just $16.99 per month after a free trial. Apple News+ is also included in the Apple One Premier plan, which bundles five other Apple services into a single monthly subscription for $44.95 per month. What is included with Apple News+? With an Apple News+ subscription, you get access to more than 400 of the world’s best magazines, newspapers and digital publishers. The magazines included cover a wide range of interests, from food to fashion to politics and much more. Newspapers include leading titles such as The Globe and Mail, Toronto Star and The Wall Street Journal. Subscribers also receive access to exclusive puzzles updated daily. Can I share Apple News+ with my family? You can share your Apple News+ subscription with up to five other family members. Can I use Apple News+ when I’m offline? You can download full issues of your favorite magazines to your Apple devices and access them anywhere, anytime, without an internet connection. Working with Apple News. Access badge art assets, brand guidelines and more. Apple News Guidelines Try it free* Try it free* Update to the latest version of iOS or macOS to start your Apple News+ free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer * New subscribers only. $16.99/month after free trial. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Offer available for a limited time to new subscribers who connect an eligible device to an Apple device running iOS 15 or iPadOS 15 or later. Offer good for three months after eligible device pairing. No audio product purchase necessary for current owners of eligible devices. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Feature available in English only. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Apple News+ is available on iOS 12.2 or later, iPadOS 13 or later, and macOS Mojave 10.14.4 or later. Local news is available on iOS 13.6 or later, iPadOS 13.6 or later, and macOS Catalina 10.15.6 or later. My Sports is available on iOS 16 or later, iPadOS 16 or later, and macOS Ventura 13 or later. Apple News+ Puzzles is available with iOS 17 or later, iPadOS 17 or later, and macOS Sonoma 14.0 or later.  Apple Entertainment Apple News Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map