iPad 11-inch (A16) - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPad Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview Why iPad Tech Specs Buy iPad 11-inch Buy iPad with education savings.△ Shop iPadiPadiPad Lovable. Drawable. Magical. ◊ View iPad in AR Now with the superfast A16 chip. More storage than ever. Stunning Liquid Retina display. All-screen design. All‑fun iPad. A16 chip. Even more joy in store. Now with the superfast A16 chip and 128GB of starting storage, iPad is more capable than ever. Get things done, express yourself and stay immersed in your favourite activities, all on a stunning 11-inch Liquid Retina display.1 And using essential accessories designed just for iPad, you can add even more versatility for the things you do every day. Draw, paint and write with Apple Pencil. Type comfortably, use a trackpad and enjoy content with the versatile two-piece design of Magic Keyboard Folio.2 You can use familiar keyboard shortcuts or the click-anywhere trackpad. And get an amazing typing experience. iPadOS brings it all together and makes everything on iPad feel smooth and easy. Handwritten notes become more fluid, flexible and legible with Smart Script. And you can solve complex equations in Math Notes using Apple Pencil. Learn more about iPadOS Make quick work of your work. With the superfast A16 chip, it’s easier than ever to work and get things done all on one device. Take notes, collaborate and multitask seamlessly between apps. From pie charts to pie recipes, iPad is designed for all kinds of productivity. iPad delivers a big jump in performance with the superfast A16 chip. An advanced Neural Engine and machine learning capabilities help you do more, effortlessly, like edit 4K video or interact with content in photos or videos using Live Text. And with all-day battery life, you can do it all without skipping a beat.3 Edit a spreadsheet, finesse a Keynote presentation and take amazing notes. Magic Keyboard Folio gives you a comfortable typing experience and a trackpad for precise tasks.2 Create to your heart’s content. Express yourself, draw and brainstorm on a flexible creative powerhouse. The stunning 11-inch Liquid Retina display makes an incredible canvas.1 So you can doodle, take notes, mark up documents and a lot more with Apple Pencil.2 Record and refine from anywhere with high-quality built-in mics and landscape stereo speakers. Start a podcast, compose a beat, score a film — your creative projects sound fantastic. Shoot content with the 12MP Wide back camera. Retouch photos, edit videos, identify objects in your photos and videos with Visual Look Up, and scan and mark up documents — all on iPad. Get in touch. Stay in frame. With the 12MP Center Stage camera, you’ll be perfectly in frame whether you’re on a FaceTime call, attending a video conference or recording a selfie. And your photos look even more naturally stunning with Smart HDR 4. Pause Play Replay Stay connected with blazing-fast Wi-Fi. And with 5G capabilities on Wi-Fi + Cellular models, you have the option to add a flexible data plan whenever you need it to browse the web, play games, stream movies and more.4 Learn more about cellular for iPad Watch. Learn. And level up. The stunning 11‑inch Liquid Retina display is perfect for diving into your favourite shows and movies whether you’re on a flight or on the couch.1 And with True Tone technology, it’s comfortable to view in any light. Take your learning to the next level with immersive AR experiences. Explore the cosmos, bring a museum exhibit to life and let your curiosity go deeper with great apps. Game Mode lets you play graphics-intensive games with more consistent frame rates. And with SharePlay, you can invite friends to watch as you play or join the action. You can also pair your favourite gaming controller with iPad. Accessories that go hand in hand. Expand what you can do with everyday essentials designed just for iPad, like Apple Pencil and Magic Keyboard Folio. Add a colourful Smart Folio for front and back protection. And connect to drives, docks, displays and more using USB‑C.2 Let your creativity fly with Apple Pencil and amazing apps for note-taking, journalling, illustration and more. Apple Pencil delivers pixel‑perfect precision and low latency so it feels as natural to use as a pencil. Learn more about Apple Pencil Magic Keyboard Folio is the perfect iPad companion with an amazing typing experience, a built-in trackpad to handle precision tasks and a 14-key function row. The versatile design features two pieces that attach magnetically: a detachable keyboard and a protective back panel with an adjustable stand for flexible viewing. Learn more about keyboards for iPad Amazing apps? Apps‑olutely. iPad comes with powerful and capable apps like Photos, Maps, Messages, Apple News, Mail and Safari. And with over a million apps on the App Store designed just for iPad, you’ll find the right app for anything you want to do. Discover apps on the App Store Shown above: Freeform, Procreate, Apple Books, iMovie, Microsoft Excel with Webex Meetings Use AR to view iPad. Open this page using Safari on your iPhone or iPad. Silver Blue Pink Yellow View iPad in AR Environment Apple is carbon-neutral. And by 2030, all of our products will be too. We’re committed to one day sourcing 100% recycled and renewable materials across our products and packaging, all with clean energy and no carbon footprint. Apple and the environment Privacy Like every Apple product, iPad was designed with your privacy and security in mind. It’s not always easy. But that’s the kind of innovation we believe in. Learn more about our approach to privacy Accessibility Technology is most powerful when everyone can use it. That’s why iPad comes with accessibility features that support vision, hearing, mobility and cognitive needs. Explore all accessibility features Accessories Explore keyboards, cases, covers, Apple Pencil, AirPods and more. Shop iPad accessories Trade in your current iPad and get credit toward a new one. With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible iPad and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet.* Find your trade‑in value Which iPad is right for you? Compare all iPad models Shop iPad iPad Pro The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology. ◊ Buy Learn more View in AR 13″ or 11″ Ultra Retina XDR display◊◊ ProMotion technology P3 wide colour True Tone Antireflective coating Nano-texture display glass option on 1TB and 2TB models M4 chip Apple Intelligence◊◊◊ 12MP Wide camera 4K video, ProRes Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera TrueDepth camera system Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro New iPad Air Serious performance in a thin and light design. ◊ Buy Learn more View in AR 13″ or 11″ Liquid Retina display◊◊ — P3 wide colour True Tone Antireflective coating — M3 chip Apple Intelligence◊◊◊ 12MP Wide camera 4K video Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera — Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard for iPad Air New iPad The colourful, all‑screen iPad for the things you do every day. ◊ Buy Learn more View in AR 11″ Liquid Retina display◊◊ — sRGB colour True Tone — — A16 chip — 12MP Wide camera 4K video Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera — Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Apple Pencil (1st generation)◊◊◊◊ Supports Magic Keyboard Folio iPad mini The full iPad experience in an ultraportable design. ◊ Buy Learn more View in AR 8.3″ Liquid Retina display◊◊ — P3 wide colour True Tone Antireflective coating — A17 Pro chip Apple Intelligence◊◊◊ 12MP Wide camera 4K video 12MP Center Stage camera — Supports Apple Pencil Pro Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Bluetooth keyboards Apple Footer Free delivery on everything Or pick up available items at an Apple Store. Learn more Financing Pay over time with monthly instalments. Financing details, including Quebec Add that personal touch. Engrave a mix of emoji, names, initials and numbers. All for free. Learn more ◊ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199 and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here. 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1,099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. ◊◊ The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 13-inch iPad Pro is 13 inches, the 11-inch iPad Pro is 11.1 inches, the 13-inch iPad Air is 12.9 inches, the 11-inch iPad Air and iPad are 10.86 inches, and the iPad mini is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less. ◊◊◊ Apple Intelligence is available in beta on iPad mini (A17 Pro) and iPad models with M1 and later, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK or U.S.), as an iPadOS 18 update. Additional features and Chinese (Simplified), English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish language support available in early April, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. ◊◊◊◊ USB‑C to Apple Pencil Adapter required to work with iPad. * Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. The display has rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 11‑inch iPad is 10.86 inches. Actual viewable area is less. Accessories sold separately and subject to availability. Apple Pencil (1st generation) requires USB‑C to Apple Pencil Adapter to work with iPad (A16) and iPad (10th generation). Testing conducted by Apple in January and February 2025 using preproduction iPad (A16) units and software. Testing consisted of full battery discharge while performing each of the following tasks: video playback and internet browsing using Wi‑Fi or cellular data network (cellular models subscribed to LTE and 5G carrier networks). Video content was a repeated 2‑hour 23‑minute movie purchased from the iTunes Store. Internet over Wi‑Fi and cellular data network tests were conducted using dedicated web servers, browsing snapshot versions of 20 popular web pages. All settings were default except: Wi‑Fi was associated with a network (except for internet browsing over cellular data network); the Wi‑Fi feature Ask to Join Networks and Auto-Brightness were turned off; Brightness was set to 50%; and WPA2 encryption was enabled. Battery life depends on device settings, usage, network and many other factors. Battery tests are conducted using specific iPad units; actual results may vary. Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/ipad/cellular. Some features may not be available for countries or all areas. View complete list. Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change. △ Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted university and college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/ca-edu/shop.  Apple iPad iPad 11-inch Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map