Apple TV+ - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple TV+ Stream now Try it free Apple TV+ All Apple Originals. Only on Apple TV+. Stream now Try it free Watch on the app Stream now Try it free New Apple Originals every month — always ad‑free. Stream on the Apple TV app on Apple devices, smart TVs, consoles or sticks. Watch in 4K HDR video with immersive Spatial Audio.1 Share a single subscription with up to five people. Buy an Apple device 3 months free. Apple TV+ is included for three months when you purchase an Apple device and redeem the offer within 90 days.2 Check eligibility Free 7-day trial $12.99/mo. A monthly subscription is just $12.99 per month after a free seven-day trial.3 Share Apple TV+ with your family.4 Try it free Free 1‑month trial Apple One Bundle Apple TV+ with up to five other great services for one low monthly price. And enjoy more for less. Learn more Try Apple One free5 See full lineup Watch Apple TV+ anywhere on the Apple TV app. Find the Apple TV app on your favourite devices. Or watch Apple TV+ online at tv.apple.com/ca. Apple TV iPhone iPad Mac Apple Vision Pro AirPlay Android Download on Google Play PC Download on Microsoft Store See it on your smart TV or streaming device. Set up your device Samsung Smart TV LG Smart TV Sony Roku Amazon Fire Tv Google TV PlayStation XBOX Rogers Telus Questions? Answers. What is Apple TV+? Apple TV+ is a streaming service featuring Apple Originals — award-winning series, compelling dramas, groundbreaking documentaries, kids’ entertainment, comedies and more — with new Apple Originals added every month. How can I watch it? Watch Apple TV+ on the Apple TV app, which is already on your favourite Apple devices. Just open the app, click or tap Apple TV+, and enjoy the shows and movies. You can also watch Apple TV+ on streaming platforms, popular smart TVs and AirPlay-enabled TVs with the Apple TV app — or watch online at tv.apple.com/ca. Learn more What does it cost? That all depends on which offer you choose. (1) If you buy an Apple device, Apple TV+ is included free for three months.2 (2) A monthly subscription is just $12.99 per month after a free seven-day trial.4 (3) Apple TV+ is included in Apple One, which bundles up to five other Apple services into a single monthly subscription. Apple One plans start at $22.95 per month. (4) The Apple Music Student Plan comes with a free subscription to Apple TV+.6 Can I share with my family? Of course. Apple TV+ lets you share your subscription with up to five family members. Are there commercials? And can I watch on demand? Apple Originals are always commercial-free. New movies and series are added every Wednesday and Friday, though some shows release all episodes at once. You can watch them on demand anytime, anywhere. Do I need an Apple TV 4K? No, you don’t. While Apple TV 4K — with 4K HDR and Dolby Atmos sound — is the ultimate way to experience Apple TV+, the original shows and movies on Apple TV+ are always available on the Apple TV app on your favourite devices. See all supported devices Can I download to watch offline? Absolutely. Download your favourite Apple Originals to your Apple device and watch them anywhere, anytime, without a Wi-Fi connection. Apple One Bundle Apple TV+ with up to five other great services. And enjoy more for less. Try Apple One free5 Learn more The Apple Music Student Plan comes with Apple TV+ for free.6 Try Apple Music free Apple TV 4K The Apple experience. Cinematic in every sense. Buy Learn more AirPlay Bring Apple TV+ to a screen near you. Learn more Apple Footer Not all content is available in 4K or 4K HDR. 4K resolution requires a 4K‑capable device. Accessing Dolby Atmos features requires a Dolby Atmos–capable system.. Playback quality will depend on hardware and internet connection. New and qualified returning subscribers only. $12.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV+ three months free or one year free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Limited time offer, offer may end at any time. Free Apple TV+ access for students ends when you no longer qualify or do not renew your Apple Music Student subscription. Offer good for verified post-secondary students only and does not extend to a Family Sharing Group. Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of MLB Advanced Media, L.P. All rights reserved.  Apple Entertainment Apple TV+ Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map