Apple Financial Services - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Financial Services The best tools for work and school, now with flexible financing. With new financing solutions, it's easier than ever to bring Apple products into your organization or institution in a way that is simple and cost-effective. Innovative payment structures. Apple products are built to last, and with a high residual value they are a smart investment. Apple Financial Services builds in the future value upfront, to create compelling financial structures. Straightforward contracts. You can get the technology you need to run your organization or institution, with an experience that is simple, flexible and friendly, exactly as you would expect from Apple. Flexible terms. Apple Financial Services offers you the flexibility to change as your organization or institution needs change. With customer‑friendly end‑of‑term options, you have complete control of your refresh. You decide the right time to upgrade. Apple Financial Services gives our business flexibility. Now we can add the right devices at exactly the right time, in line with our company growth. Erik Bak-Mikkelsen Head of Cloud Operations, SHARE NOW Education Apple Financial Services can provide your school or university with financing and refresh options to support your teaching and learning goals. Discover how to maximize your budget so you can give your students and faculty the Apple products they need, when they need them. Learn more about how to bring Apple technology to your school Business Apple Financial Services can help your business plan for the long term, and at the same time make short-term changes to support company goals. Whether you are looking to enable a new strategy, or to adopt the latest Apple technology quickly, Apple Financial Services can help you make the best decision for your organization. Learn more about Apple at Work Apple Footer  Apple Apple Financial Services Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map