Media & Entertainment - Solutions｜Business｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Unleash Your Creative Potential IT solutions for media and entertainment Overview Opportunities Products The flexibility for a more creative future Take creative work to the next level with digital solutions from ASUS that offer greater flexibility and easier collaboration. Future-facing innovations for creative directors Take cultural and creative work to the next level with advanced, digitized methods to generate immersive experiences. Intuitive, secure data handling for operations teams Take control of your data recording, storage and sharing with streamlining solutions and enterprise-grade security. Powerful devices for creative workers Collaborate effortlessly with fellow creatives thanks to cloud-first technology that can run heavy design software without slowing you down. Seamless, engaging experiences are crucial for performance that enables growth The creative industry is reaching new heights, and there's no limit to its digital horizons. Discover how choosing ASUS as your technology partner helps future-proof your creative, media or entertainment business. 80% Customers agreed the experience a company provides is as important as its product or services1. 74% Creatives would prefer to be able to work remotely2. 40% The creative economy could grow 40 percent by 2030, adding more than 8 million additional jobs3. Design seamless, engaging experiences Sticking to traditional experience models means falling behind competitors in the creative industries who are moving toward more innovative, digitized ways of engaging audiences. ASUS lets you discover the power and performance for experience designers to bring new creative ideas to life, encouraging audience engagement and positioning your brand firmly in the future. Explore our portfolio for creators Create and collaborate anywhere Creatives like to work remotely, but their portable devices often don’t pack enough power to run software without sacrificing speed. Elevate user experience and increase operational efficiency with digital tools from ASUS made for creating on the go, with features that make hybrid working and remote collaboration effortless. Learn more about ProArt Creator Hub Choose performance that keeps up with you Tight deadlines in the creative industries mean technology needs to run like clockwork. But outdated hardware slows down processes, causes user frustration, and poses a security risk. Increase productivity and make multitasking easy with smart devices from ASUS that can handle the latest software developments, featuring high-performance motherboards and remotely managed IT operations. Plus, enterprise-grade security gives you peace of mind. 1. Salesforce, State of the Connected Customer (4th Edition). https://www.salesforce.com/content/dam/web/en_us/www/documents/research/salesforce-state-of-the-connected-customer-4th-ed.pdf 2. Fast Company, This is how creatives can make the most of a shift to hybrid work, 2021. https://www.fastcompany.com/90676922/this-is-how-creatives-can-make-the-most-of-a-shift-to-hybrid-work 3. Deloitte, The Future of the Creative Economy, 2021. https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/uk/Documents/technology-media-telecommunications/deloitte-uk-future-creative-economy-report-final.pdf / Solution / Media & Entertainment ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages