Architecture, Engineering & Construction - Solutions｜Business｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Build a Limitless Future IT solutions for architecture, engineering, and construction Overview Opportunities Products Streamline operations. Boost productivity. Empower your workforce. Be ready for anything with durable, high-performance technology from ASUS that lets you realize your vision – even in harsh environments. Digitally transformative technology for the C-suite Choose digital tools that enable better collaboration, greater control of the value chain, and more data-driven decision making. Remote-ready digital tools for operations teams Maximize resources with solutions that enable remote working and automation, with centralized management. Smart, powerful technology for designers on the ground Enhance user experience and streamline operations with high-performance, cloud-ready devices. Empower your workforce to increase productivity and flexibility AEC professionals want more time working from home, and less time waiting for the tools they need. ASUS understands the challenges you face. That’s what makes us the ideal technology partner. 75% AEC is experiencing project delays due to longer lead times and shortage of materials1. $1.6 trillion AEC is losing out on profit by not embracing technology2. 93% AEC professionals want to split their work time between their office and home3. Streamline and optimize operations Poor communication and siloed teams compound supply chain challenges and cause unwanted delays in the construction process. ASUS helps you increase operational efficiency and alleviate delays with digital tools that enable smoother communication – thanks to a reliable internet connection and collaboration tools – and secure sharing of data in real time for easier project management. Empower your workforce A skills shortage in the architecture, engineering and construction industry means teams are stretched, and outdated hardware is slowing them down. Adopt innovative, high-performance technology from ASUS that increases productivity and improves employee experience to help attract and retain top talent. Learn about the handy functions offers for architects and designers Work in any environment Architects, engineers and construction workers need adaptable, durable devices that let them work from home, in the office and on-site. Discover digital tools and solutions from ASUS designed for different scenarios and completely configurable to your needs. Plus, military-grade durability means they’ll withstand whatever’s thrown at them. Learn more about ASUS ExpertBook Quality Test 1. PwC, Financial services firms look to a future that balances remote and in-office work, 2020. https://www.pwc.com/us/en/industries/financial-services/library/balancing-remote-and-in-office-work.html 2. Banking industry sees 1318% increase in ransomware attacks in 2021. https://www.securitymagazine.com/articles/96128-banking-industry-sees-1318-increase-in-ransomware-attacks-in-2021 3. Open Banking Expo, Banks prioritising investment in APIs, data analytics, 2021. https://www.openbankingexpo.com/news/banks-prioritising-investment-in-apis-data-analytics/#:~:text=The%20research%20revealed%20that%2073,increase%20sales%20to%20existing%20customers / Solution / Architecture, Engineering & Construction ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages