Gaming | PC | Laptop | Phone | Peripherals | ASUS Canada Republic of Gamers For Those Who Dare Built for those who dare to want it all, ROG shatters all obstacles between you and victory. Innovative designs, cutting-edge components, precise peripherals, and ultra-fast displays give you a competitive edge in the latest games and immerse you like never before. Shop ROG TUF Gaming Battle-tested to Last TUF Gaming gets gamers everywhere in on the action. Offering essential gaming features, battle-proven performance, and no-frills designs, TUF Gaming hardware delivers incredible value for seasoned PC builders and newcomers to PC gaming alike. Shop TUF For Those Who Dare Shop ROG Handheld Laptops Desktops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Peripherals PCDIY Routers Built for those who dare to want it all, Republic of Gamers (ROG) shatters all obstacles between you and victory. Innovative designs, cutting-edge components, precise peripherals, and ultra-fast displays give you a competitive edge in the latest games and immerse you like never before. Republic of Gamers (ROG) empowers present and future gamers and streamers with the tools they need to compete at their best. In constant evolution, ROG breaks conventions to redefine possibilities. This philosophy enables ROG to produce innovative gaming laptops, desktops, PC components, and more that provide gamers with leading performance, premium features, and stylish design. ROG offers solutions for every gaming lifestyle. In high-stakes competitions and under heavy processor loads, ROG keeps you performing at your best. Battle-tested to Last Shop TUF Laptops Motherboards Graphics Cards Monitors Peripherals PCDIY TUF Gaming gets gamers everywhere in on the action. Offering essential gaming features, battle-proven performance, and no-frills designs, TUF Gaming hardware delivers incredible value for seasoned PC builders and newcomers to PC gaming alike. Reliability. Durability. That’s what the TUF gaming series is all about. Built for gamers who demand superior performance and total dependability, TUF products are engineered to persevere even under the roughest conditions. Head into battle with hardworking components and combat-ready designs guaranteed to survive and thrive. TUF offers casual gamers unbeatably high per-dollar performance and legendary longevity with rigorously tested components. Take on your next mission with battle-proven desktops, laptops, and hard-as-nails components. What's Hot!