ASUS Dial & Control Panel Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand ASUS Dial & Control Panel Open side navigationClose side navigation ASUS Dial Set Up Your ASUS Dial ASUS Control Panel Personalize with Ease Supporting Apps Magic Happens, Any Apps ASUS Dial & Control Panel Elevate Your Creative Workflow To enhance your workflow efficiency and provide precise control across various devices, our creator-focused products come equipped with groundbreaking control systems. We are proud to introduce the ASUS Dial and ASUS Control Panel features, which are accessible through a dedicated app for compatible devices. This app functions as an integrated hub for comprehensive control over the ASUS Dial or ASUS Control Panel. With updated customizations, it empowers you to seamlessly optimize efficiency and personalize your workflow. Watch the ASUS Dial & Control Panel tutorial video ASUS Dial Our devices for creators feature the revolutionary ASUS Dial1, a precision-engineered rotary control providing intuitive fingertip mastery over app parameters and values. ASUS Dial is implemented either as a rotatable physical dial, or virtually embedded in the Dialpad touchpad. With ASUS Dial, you can elevate your work efficiency via seamless integration with creative applications such as Photoshop®, Lightroom® Classic, Premiere® Pro, After Effects®, and Illustrator®. You can easily adjust brush sizes or swiftly undo actions, ensuring a smoother creative workflow. We’ve also added support for Microsoft Office apps, entertainment apps, browser apps, and a diverse array of other creative apps, bringing you an intuitive and personalized experience. Set Up Your ASUS Dial Enhance your creative journey with ASUS Dial by immersing yourself in the tailored ASUS Dial & Control Panel app. This app provides a more intuitive and efficient control experience, and also lets you effortlessly configure and customize your ASUS Dial. Explore the flexibility of choosing a multi-function mode for swift transitions between different functions, and easily add or remove app features to align with your preferences. Tailor your ASUS Dial to match your unique preferences by defining customized shortcut keys, adjusting sensitivity, and fine-tuning scrolling speed for various functions. Unleashing greater creativity, this app ensures a personalized and enriching experience with your ASUS Dial. Interaction Function Mode Edit Function Customize Function Speed Adjustment Effortlessly adjust app parameters and values with a simple rotation using ASUS Dial. Enable single-function mode to access your specified app functions instantly, or activate multi-function mode to set multiple app functions and rapidly switch between them. Add or remove applied app functions and customize your desired function combinations. Use the Customize Function setting to customize your own personalized hotkeys. Adjust ASUS Dial sensitivity and scrolling speed for different apps and scenarios. ASUS Control Panel ASUS Control Panel is an exciting virtual interface meticulously crafted to offer precise and intuitive control over your creative applications when using your creator-focused products. Featuring fully customizable dial, slider, button, and scroll touch controls displayed on your secondary touchscreen, you can effortlessly assign controls to tasks such as changing brush size, adjusting saturation, resizing layouts, changing components, and more. Customize the ASUS Control Panel to seamlessly integrate with creative apps and a diverse range of other creative applications, allowing you to adapt features and functions that align with your needs and enhance your efficiency. Personalize with Ease With the ASUS Dial & Control Panel app, you can easily make your own Control Panel. You can add or remove software features and tweak functions with the Customize Function for shortcuts. Plus, the app lets you totally customize how your Control Panel looks. You can resize it, move it around, and play with the positions and layouts of the dial, switching bar, and buttons. And if you want, you can even give the buttons special colors and abbreviations, or expand your Control Panel to a second page according to your taste. Interaction Edit Function Customize Function Customize Layout Personalize Components Effortlessly adjust app parameters and values with buttons, dials, sliders and wheels on your ASUS Control Panel. Add or remove applied app functions and customize desired function combinations. Use the Customize Function setting to customize your own personalized hotkeys. Drag components or resize panels on your Control Panel freely, or extend your Control Panel to the second page for more space. Assign exclusive colors and abbreviations to frequently used app functions for quicker identification. Supporting Apps ASUS Dial and ASUS Control Panel work seamlessly with Adobe apps like Photoshop®, Lightroom® Classic, Premiere® Pro, After Effects® and Illustrator®, and now they work across a wide range of other incredible creativity, productivity, and entertainment apps. This includes creative apps like DaVinci Resolve® and CapCut, Microsoft Office apps, browsers, Spotify, YouTube, and more. And of course, you can customize how the ASUS Dial & Control Panel look and works in every app and website. Skip or fast forward in Spotify, or adjust the font size in Word, or expedite your workflow with Miro to collaborate remotely with your teammates! Creativity Productivity Entertainment Adobe Photoshop Adobe Premiere Pro Adobe After Effects Adobe Lightroom Classic Adobe Illustrator DaVinci Resolve Clip Studio Paint Adobe Substance 3D Designer Adobe Substance 3D Painter Adobe Substance 3D Stager Jianying Pro (CapCut) Microsoft Word Microsoft Excel Microsoft PowerPoint Miro (Edge, Chrome, Firefox)2 Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Spotify Netflix YouTube Bilibili iQIYI Magic Happens, Any Apps ASUS Dial & Control Panel has exclusive pre-set functions for certain apps, but it also has the flexibility to support any other apps in your daily life. You can easily import any app you like into ASUS Dial & Control Panel and customize its functions according to your preferred hotkeys. Adjust photo contrast in your favorite photo-editing app, change brush thickness in any 3D modeling app, add sound effects or zoom into the timeline in your favorite audio-mixing software — the choice is yours! With support from the ASUS Dial & Control Panel app, your device can unleash its full potential, redefining your creative process and elevating your creative workflow anywhere, anytime. Please refer to individual product information for ASUS Dial availability. Miro software support is exclusively available on the ASUS Control Panel. Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy