Fluent | What Pros Say | ProArt | ASUS Canada Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand Fluent , Design & Motion Studio The ASUS Dial feature helps us to optimize our creative workflow. And high performance gives us the power to produce our work in a seamless and efficient way. Fluent is a talented team of designers, artists, animators and creators led by London-based Creative Director Remy Williams. Its works are based on thoughtful concepts and artistic expressions, and the team members aim to express themselves in their works, so that they can create their best for a project and inspire people. Portfolio 2021 Leaps By Bayer - Brand Films 2021 I Want My MTV - TV Show Rebrand 2020 NVIDIA RTX Technology - Product Film 2019 CGTN Channel Rebrand Identities 2018 Tangent GC - Product TVC 2018 Marvel x Clarks - Product TVC Follow the Artist Recommended Products ProArt PX13 (HN7306); Copilot+ PC 13.3” 2B_NANO BLACK Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business AMD Ryzen™ AI processor Up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 Laptop GPU Dedicated neural processing unit 13.3” 3K OLED 16:10 display Up to 32GB memory Up to 2TB SSD storage ASUS DialPad USB4 Type-C Learn More ProArt P16 (H7606); Copilot+ PC 16’’ 2B_NANO BLACK Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business, Free Upgrade to Windows 11¹ (when available, see below) AMD Ryzen™ AI processor Up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 Laptop GPU Dedicated neural processing unit 16” 4K OLED 16:10 display Up to 64GB memory Up to 4TB SSD storage ASUS DialPad USB4 Type-C Learn More Where to buy Create with ProArt Software used: Cinema 4D X-Particles Adobe® Creative Cloud® Ideas to visuals Fluent works with brands, design agencies and businesses to help them express their brand and connect to their audience, anywhere in the world. Its designers, artists and animators try to challenge themselves, so they can quickly connect their ideas straight to visuals. Seamless and efficient A high-quality screen that portrays color and details accurately means that Fluent's team can produce high-end CG production, and take their studio anywhere. Having a ProArt Studiobook that is powerful enough to handle complex simulations helps them to execute ideas wherever they are and wherever they go. The ASUS Dial feature helps them to optimize their creative workflows, and the high performance gives them the power to produce their work in a seamless and efficient way. Full of wonder and imagination The focus of Fluent's work is in CG and motion design. Its artists try to incorporate their artistic style into their work, making sure that it’s emotive, full of wonder, and full of vibrancy, but the main driver is always purpose. As creators, they always use the best tools to craft and deliver something beautiful. They are expressive, and are not afraid to experiment or take their work beyond the spectrum of their imagination. Building the future Fluent tries to think in the future. So, when they build a project, they are also building themselves. They're building relationships with those that they're collaborating with and those that they're working for, because behind the craft, it’s all about people. Wherever they are, they're endlessly striving and pushing their creative ideas beyond their imaginations. Gallery For ProArtists, By ProArtists Explore More ProArtists Learn More Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy