SMB IT Solution｜Business Solutions｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Upgrade to Incredible Productivity IT solutions for small and medium businesses Overview Opportunities Products Resources Article Take your business to the next level Reliable, secure and agile technology is essential for today’s SMBs. That’s why ASUS empowers SMBs with trusted protection, comprehensive IT support and versatile devices to keep businesses running. Trusted solutions fit to different business needs Optimize resources with reliable and resilient technology designed to your distinct criteria and needs. Watch to learn more Comprehensive support for IT teams Protect your business with enterprise-grade security and a suite of centralized IT management tools. Versatile devices for hybrid workforces Intuitive digital tools that enable your teams to perform at their best, wherever they are. Enhancing productivity and security for a changing world As technology for SMBs continues to evolve, ASUS understands the growing demand for stronger security, agile workforces and flexible IT infrastructures. 53% Increasing security is a priority and a key reason to increase technology budget.1 50% SMBs will reorganize, deploying remote and virtual distributed structures through technology.2 92% Hybrid workplaces are preferable to traditional non-flexible forms for office workers.3 Keep company and customer data secure SMBs are at the greatest risk of security breaches, yet many aren’t properly protected. When reputation is everything, this can be detrimental to growth. ASUS IT solutions, including laptops for small and medium businesses, help reduce risk and maintain customer trust with enterprise-grade security and Trusted Platform Modules 2.0 (TPM 2.0). Plus, physical security features add an extra layer of protection from unauthorized users. Learn more about ASUS durability testing Enhance IT for digital transformation SMBs might not have much, if any, in-house IT support for achieving digital transformation, or even maintaining devices and systems. By focusing IT teams to concentrate on what matters most using reliable, easily maintained devices and expert support from ASUS can help prioritize digital transformation. Plus, a centralized IT management solution lets IT teams run systems remotely. Learn more about centralized IT management Empower an agile and flexible workforce As workforces move to working anytime-anywhere, SMBs that aren’t equipped not only risk reduced productivity – they might also struggle to attract and retain talent. ASUS IT solutions for small and medium businesses enable companies to embrace new working structures with lightweight, durable devices featuring AI noise-canceling technology, impressive battery life, and cloud tool compatibility for effective collaboration wherever business happens. Learn more about cloud-based solution Sustaining businesses and the planet Sustainable practices are not only limited to larger enterprises, yet many SMBs are either unaware or not focused on how it can benefit their daily operations and increase customer retention. Thanks to ASUS’s sustainability commitments, SMBs can benefit with more cost-efficient devices that are certified for better energy consumption as well take advantage of carbon offset services that support local government regulations and company goals. Learn more about ASUS Business Sustainability benefits Discover our products With ASUS’ wide range of digital tools and smart features, there’s something for every business. Enterprise-grade security Reliability & Durability Enhanced Productivity Comprehensive IT solutions Protect your remote solutions Keep your business safe, wherever you are, with enterprise-grade security featuring centralized IT management, data and biological identity security for secure device access, and hardware protection. Intel® vPro® platform and TPM 2.0 stores passwords and encryption keys for added security. Plus, webcam shield offers an added layer of security. Recommended Products Best Picks Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories New 11.6” ASUS BR1104C Windows 11 Pro Education *Some devices for academic use will automatically be updated to Windows 11 Pro Education with the Windows 11 Anniversary Update. Features vary; see https://aka.ms/ProEducation for Windows 11 Pro Education feature information. Up to Intel® Processor N200 MIL-STD 810H US military durability standard Modular design for easy maintenance Comprehensive connectivity Scratch-resistant Corning® Gorilla® Glass Optional touchscreen with stylus Sustainable across the product lifecycle Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more New RT-AX56U 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. AX1800 Dual Band WiFi 6 (802.11ax) Router supporting MU-MIMO and OFDMA technology, with AiProtection Pro network security powered by Trend Micro™, compatible with ASUS AiMesh WiFi system Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more New VP228QG ASUS VP228QG Gaming Monitor – 22 inch (21.5 inch viewable), Full HD, 1ms, 75Hz, Adaptive-Sync/FreeSync™, Flicker Free, Blue Light Filter Contact Sales Learn more ASUS NUC 14 Pro+ 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business 14th Generation Processor Intel® Core™ Ultra 9/7/5 processor Intel® Iris Xe Graphics Dual-channel DDR5-5600MHz SODIMMs, 96GB max M.2 22x80 key M slot for PCIe x4 Gen 4 NVMe SSD M.2 22x42 key M slot for PCIe x4 Gen 4 SATA 2.5in HDD Support (Tall kit) Intel® Wi-Fi 6E AX211, supporting 802.11ax and Bluetooth 5.3 w/internal antennas Intel® i226 2.5 Gb Ethernet (i225-LM on vPro SKUs; i225-V on non-vPro SKUs) 2x Thunderbolt™ 4 ports (DP 2.1 & USB4) 2x HDMI 2.1 TMDS Compatible connector with CEC 3x USB 3.2 Gen2 type A ports 1x type A and 2x internal USB 2.0 headers Contact Sales Learn more ASUS Triple 4K Thunderbolt™4 Dock DC500 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Triple 4K Thunderbolt™ 4 Dock is an all-in-one docking station designed for creators, and is the smallest 12-in-1 Thunderbolt™ 4 dock. It requires just a single cable connection to a creator laptop to hook up to multiple 4K displays and peripherals, as well as memory card readers for a complete, highly efficient creative workstation. Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ASUS Chromebox 5 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Chromebox 5 features a 12th Generation Intel® Core™ or Celeron® processor, support for up to four 4K displays, WiFi 6E & 2.5G Ethernet connectivity, 15W wireless charger and Google Play access. Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ASUS Dual Radeon™ RX 6400 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Dual Radeon™ RX 6400 4GB GDDR6 with two powerful Axial-tech fans and a 2-slot design for broad compatibility Contact Sales Learn more Pro H610M-CT D4-CSM 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. The Pro H610M-CT D4-CSM supports Intel® socket LGA1700 for 14th, 13th & 12th Gen Intel® processors, and is equipped with outstanding features, including DP, HDMI, D-Sub, PCIe 4.0 support, DDR4, USB 3.2 Gen 2, M.2 PCIe 3.0 slot, M.2 key E slot, TPM IC onboard, Q-LED Core, SMBUS header, ASUS Control Center Express(ACCE). Contact Sales Learn more ZenDrive V1M (SDRW-08V1M-U) 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. Built-in cable-storage design 8X Portable DVD Writer M-DISC Support Windows and Mac OS Compatible USB Type-C Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ZenBeam E2 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS ZenBeam E2 mini LED projector, automatic portrait projection mode, 300 LED lumens, WVGA (854 x 480), wireless mirroring, built-in battery for up to 4-hour portable video playback, power bank, USB Type-A, HDMI®, 5-watt speaker Contact Sales Learn more Resources Brochure ASUS Business product guide Learn more Video ASUS and Chrome OS for Small and Medium Business Workers Learn more Video ExpertCenter Mini Tower PC - Tool-free Chassis Design Instruction Video Learn more Featured Article Switching to hybrid work Technology will play a more crucial role than ever in a hybrid working world, shaping our workspace, work habits, and how we work together. And as more SMBs ponder the switch to hybrid, they’ll need to create a digital strategy that goes beyond digitizing business processes. Switching to hybrid work 1. App Dynamics, Agents of Transformation 2021: The rise of full-stack observability, 2021. https://www.appdynamics.com/resources/reports/rise-of-full-stack-observability 2. Legal & General, Half of all SME employees put recognition and more flexible working options top of their wellbeing needs Legal & General research reveals, 2021. https://group.legalandgeneral.com/en/newsroom/press-releases/half-of-all-sme-employees-put-recognition-and-more-flexible-working-options-top-of-their-wellbeing-needs-legal-general-research-reveals 3. Cybercrime Magazine, 60 Percent Of Small Companies Close Within 6 Months Of Being Hacked, 2019. https://cybersecurityventures.com/60-percent-of-small-companies-close-within-6-months-of-being-hacked/ / Solution / Small & Medium Business ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages