Education IT Solution｜Business Solutions｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Upgrading Education to Incredible IT solutions for schools, teachers and students Overview Opportunities Resources Article Accessible, adaptive education technology We enable educators and school partners to upgrade to incredible learning and teaching possibilities by providing comprehensive education IT solutions. Empower educator. inspire the future Enabling students to experience the incredible world around them, inside and outside the K-12 classroom. Education solution video Learning solutions, you can rely on Empowering students to learn without limits, with digital tools and worry-free laptop and pc protection, on campus or on the go. Simplify IT management, scale seamlessly Choose reliable, modular design hardwearing devices that come with centralized IT management and ongoing support. Education IT management video Intuitive, ready-to-go set-ups for educators Hit the ground running with user-friendly technology that enables educators to create the best possible learning environments. Learn more Empower educators to prepare for a digital future Students and teachers alike want a classroom fit for the digital age, with learning that's faster—and more fun. And ASUS understands the challenges you face to get there. That’s what makes us the ideal technology partner. 95% Students say online education is more fun and helps them retain information faster1. 83% The majority of educators believe technology should be incorporated into lessons2. 60% By2027, over half higher education institutions will adopt a hybrid operating model3. Create a digital classroom Hybrid learning comes with challenges – like keeping educators and students connected, or staying focused in distracting environments. Create digital learning environments with lightweight, military-grade durable ASUS devices featuring AI noise-canceling technology and impressive battery life. Plus, up to WiFi 6 or 5G connectivity and cloud compatibility makes teaching and learning anywhere easy. Watch ASUS distance learning solution Elite performance for future pro esports gamers Gaming or esports isn’t traditionally associated with education. This burgeoning field of digital entertainment is now a desirable career path for many savvy students. Schools, colleges, and universities are establishing gaming centers for students to learn before earning in esports, which encompasses not just competition but also game design and content creation in the esports education Learn more about esports solution Contact ROG sales team for inquiries Prepare students for a digital future With digital literacy becoming an increasingly crucial skill in the world of work and beyond, educational institutions need to upgrade their technology offerings to give all young people the best prospects. Enhance the learning process and increase student engagement with powerful, up-to-the-minute education IT solutions with ASUS Business’s best laptops for students. These laptops support the latest software and integrate with a range of digital tools, apps, and systems. Watch ASUS STEAM education solution Empower educators and support staff Educators and support staff often have a challenging workload and limited resources – they don’t need technology slowing them down. ASUS helps you improve the teaching experience and increase productivity with user-friendly, easily maintained education IT solutions featuring centralized IT management and round-the-clock support. Plus, AI Recovery helps IT administrators create e-classrooms and allows for easy deployment, set-up and recovery of all devices. We're always here to support. Contact us to get the latest pricing information, or learn more about edtech trends. Contact sales Discover our products With ASUS’ wide range of digital tools and smart features, there’s something for every institution. Hybrid learning Easy maintenance Powerful performance Teach and learn anywhere Improve student performance during online classes with the right digital tools – such as portable, ruggedized laptops designed to deal with the wear and tear of student life. TÜV-certified anti-glare and low blue light displays protect eyes, while AI noise-canceling technology and 3D noise-reduction webcam for better learning experiences. Recommended Products Best Picks Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories New 11.6” ASUS BR1104C Windows 11 Pro Education *Some devices for academic use will automatically be updated to Windows 11 Pro Education with the Windows 11 Anniversary Update. Features vary; see https://aka.ms/ProEducation for Windows 11 Pro Education feature information. Up to Intel® Processor N200 MIL-STD 810H US military durability standard Modular design for easy maintenance Comprehensive connectivity Scratch-resistant Corning® Gorilla® Glass Optional touchscreen with stylus Sustainable across the product lifecycle Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more New RT-AX56U 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. AX1800 Dual Band WiFi 6 (802.11ax) Router supporting MU-MIMO and OFDMA technology, with AiProtection Pro network security powered by Trend Micro™, compatible with ASUS AiMesh WiFi system Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more New VP228QG ASUS VP228QG Gaming Monitor – 22 inch (21.5 inch viewable), Full HD, 1ms, 75Hz, Adaptive-Sync/FreeSync™, Flicker Free, Blue Light Filter Contact Sales Learn more ASUS NUC 14 Pro+ 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business 14th Generation Processor Intel® Core™ Ultra 9/7/5 processor Intel® Iris Xe Graphics Dual-channel DDR5-5600MHz SODIMMs, 96GB max M.2 22x80 key M slot for PCIe x4 Gen 4 NVMe SSD M.2 22x42 key M slot for PCIe x4 Gen 4 SATA 2.5in HDD Support (Tall kit) Intel® Wi-Fi 6E AX211, supporting 802.11ax and Bluetooth 5.3 w/internal antennas Intel® i226 2.5 Gb Ethernet (i225-LM on vPro SKUs; i225-V on non-vPro SKUs) 2x Thunderbolt™ 4 ports (DP 2.1 & USB4) 2x HDMI 2.1 TMDS Compatible connector with CEC 3x USB 3.2 Gen2 type A ports 1x type A and 2x internal USB 2.0 headers Contact Sales Learn more ASUS Triple 4K Thunderbolt™4 Dock DC500 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Triple 4K Thunderbolt™ 4 Dock is an all-in-one docking station designed for creators, and is the smallest 12-in-1 Thunderbolt™ 4 dock. It requires just a single cable connection to a creator laptop to hook up to multiple 4K displays and peripherals, as well as memory card readers for a complete, highly efficient creative workstation. Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ASUS Chromebox 5 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Chromebox 5 features a 12th Generation Intel® Core™ or Celeron® processor, support for up to four 4K displays, WiFi 6E & 2.5G Ethernet connectivity, 15W wireless charger and Google Play access. Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ASUS Dual Radeon™ RX 6400 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS Dual Radeon™ RX 6400 4GB GDDR6 with two powerful Axial-tech fans and a 2-slot design for broad compatibility Contact Sales Learn more Pro H610M-CT D4-CSM 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. The Pro H610M-CT D4-CSM supports Intel® socket LGA1700 for 14th, 13th & 12th Gen Intel® processors, and is equipped with outstanding features, including DP, HDMI, D-Sub, PCIe 4.0 support, DDR4, USB 3.2 Gen 2, M.2 PCIe 3.0 slot, M.2 key E slot, TPM IC onboard, Q-LED Core, SMBUS header, ASUS Control Center Express(ACCE). Contact Sales Learn more ZenDrive V1M (SDRW-08V1M-U) 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. Built-in cable-storage design 8X Portable DVD Writer M-DISC Support Windows and Mac OS Compatible USB Type-C Contact Sales Where to buy Learn more ZenBeam E2 0.0 (0) 0.0 out of 5 stars. ASUS ZenBeam E2 mini LED projector, automatic portrait projection mode, 300 LED lumens, WVGA (854 x 480), wireless mirroring, built-in battery for up to 4-hour portable video playback, power bank, USB Type-A, HDMI®, 5-watt speaker Contact Sales Learn more Resources Webinar Exploring Cloud Computing and the Eduverse Learn more Video The Best Laptop for Education - ASUS BR1100 Learn more Video Modular design introduction video - ASUS BR1100 Learn more Featured Article How schools can reap cloud's benefits with ASUS Cloud-based technologies have become increasingly more important in education with the pandemic creating a need for a virtual classroom. Now, with the help of the cloud, students across the globe can continue with lessons remotely. Learn more 1. Institute for the Future of Education, How Did the COVID-19 Pandemic Change the Education Industry Forever?, 2021. https://observatory.tec.mx/edu-bits-2/how-did-covid-19-change-the-education-industry-forever 2. Promethean, The State of Technology in Education, 2021/22. https://resourced.prometheanworld.com/gb/technology-education-industry-report/#budgets 3. Promethean, The State of Technology in Education, 2021/22. https://resourced.prometheanworld.com/gb/technology-education-industry-report/#budgets / Solution / Education ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages