Manufacturing - Solutions｜Business｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Gain the Leading Edge IT solutions for manufacturing Overview Opportunities Products Resources Article Become the competition with future-facing technology ASUS lets you respond to industry changes and address the needs of a changing workforce, so you can stay ahead of the competition and grow further. A strategic partner for production managers Support your company’s growth initiatives with hardworking digital tools that put you one step ahead of the competition. Powerful, reliable devices for programmers and engineers Choose devices that manage large programs and crucial integrations, without slowing down the production process. Scalable solutions for IT teams Modernize factory operations with advanced technologies that boost efficiency, increase productivity, and grow with your business. Meeting the needs of a changing workforce to enable growth A new era of automation combined with big thinking and the human touch is accelerating industry change. Discover how choosing ASUS as your technology partner makes your manufacturing business a better place to work. 87% Manufacturers believe smart factory technologies will accelerate innovation and development1. 20% Manufacturing workers are operating flexibly, resulting in a greater need for automation2. 94% Manufacturers are adjusting their business in new ways to achieve growth3. Adapt fast and respond to changes Supply chain disruptions and instability in the manufacturing industry are increasing costs and testing manufacturers’ ability to adapt. Plus, legacy technology is impacting productivity. Increase agility and resilience with smart, versatile technology from ASUS that enables you to adapt faster. Innovative products and automation streamline operations, improving quality while supporting integration with your systems. Discover our commercial portfolio Meet the needs of a changing workforce An industry-wide labor shortage is impacting productivity, and outdated hardware that isn’t designed for flexible working is compounding the problem. ASUS enables you to enhance employee experience within manufacturing jobs and increase operational efficiency with powerful, durable devices that make collaboration easy. Plus, you can get expert support whenever you need it. Learn more about ASUS ExpertBook Quality Test Explore the one-stop portal for support and service Stay competitive and grow further With industry 4.0 technologies transforming operations, manufacturers must continue adapting to changes and adjusting their business in new ways to achieve growth and avoid being left behind. Accelerate innovation and design development with ASUS’ smart factory technologies. Plus, enable easy IT management with a centralized IT platform and ensure on-site security with physical hardware protection. Learn more about ASUS IoT Smart Manufactruring solution Resources Video ASUS and Chrome OS for Manufacturing Workers Learn more Video ExpertCenter desktop Series - Secure, reliable and business-ready Learn more Report 2022 ASUS Business Tech Trend Report Learn more Featured Article The factory of the future As risk competitiveness and business continuity take priority, leaders in manufacturing are increasingly seeing that advanced digital technologies are indispensable. The factory of the future 1. PwC, Annual Manufacturing Report 2020, 2020. https://www.pwc.co.uk/industries/manufacturing/insights/annual-manufacturing-report.html 2. IPPR, The Covid shift: Working time in manufacturing, engineering, shipbuilding and aerospace, 2020. https://www.ippr.org/research/publications/the-covid-shift 3. PwC, Annual Manufacturing Report 2020, 2020. https://www.pwc.co.uk/industries/manufacturing/insights/annual-manufacturing-report.html / Solution / Manufacturing ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages