MuseTree - Grow Your Dreams with AI Magic Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand MuseTree Grow your dreams with AI magic MuseTree is an AI-powered image-generation app that empowers your inspiration. It revolutionizes how you create and manage images and idea visuals using AI, helping you find endless new ideas effortlessly, even when you’re offline and on the go. We’ve combined the power of AI with an easy-to-use visual interface that helps you quickly generate images, even from your own hand-drawn sketches. Kick-start your creative journey and watch your ideas flourish with the help of AI! Why MuseTree? Why MuseTree? Why MuseTree? MuseTree is the quickest and easiest way to supercharge your creative inspiration. Discover why it’s the best idea visualization tool for any creative imagery. All-local AI Uses local AI processing, so you don't need an internet connection. Muse Effortless Prompts Say goodbye to complex prompt inputs. Unlimited and free Enjoy infinite creative opportunities, with no subscription fees. Tree All-local AI Uses local AI processing, so you don't need an internet connection. Muse Effortless Prompts Say goodbye to complex prompt inputs. Unlimited and free Enjoy infinite creative opportunities, with no subscription fees. Tree IDEA MAP Grow your creativity! MuseTree offers a fresh new way to find inspiration. Just enter keywords into the Idea Map for AI-generated images. As you explore different concepts or combine ideas, you can drag images to group them — like 'fruits' on a creative 'tree', and use this feature to spark even more ideas. Blend different concepts in the Idea Map to add new branches to your creativity. IDEA CANVAS Sketch it out You can also visually sketch your ideas directly. In the Idea Canvas, draw the objects you want to create. Select your preferred art style and merge images with keywords, then let AI do the work —it will help you generate a beautiful and dynamic set of images in seconds. IDEA LIBRARY Curate your dreams MuseTree isn't only about generating inspiration — it's also your intelligent tool for organizing and preserving ideas, and boosting your workflow. Save your creations from the Idea Map and Idea Canvas directly into the Idea Library. Access your inspiration journey easily, whether you're expanding ideas or searching for images and keywords. System requirements System requirements Minimum vs. Recommended comparison chart. MINIMUM RECOMMENDED OS Windows 10 Windows 10 GPU NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4050 NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 VRAM 6 GB 8 GB DRAM 24 GB 32 GB DirectX Version 12.0 Version 12.0 Storage 12 GB available space 12 GB available space Driver NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later System requirements Minimum vs. Recommended comparison chart. MINIMUM RECOMMENDED OS Windows 10 Windows 10 GPU NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4050 NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 VRAM 6 GB 8 GB DRAM 24 GB 32 GB DirectX Version 12.0 Version 12.0 Storage 12 GB available space 12 GB available space Driver NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later System requirements Minimum vs. Recommended comparison chart. MINIMUM RECOMMENDED OS Windows 10 Windows 10 GPU NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4050 NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 VRAM 6 GB 8 GB DRAM 24 GB 32 GB DirectX Version 12.0 Version 12.0 Storage 12 GB available space 12 GB available space Driver NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later NVIDIA Driver 527.41 or later The speed of AI generation depends on the device specifications. For a better experience, it is recommended to use a device that meets or exceeds the minimum system requirements. MuseTree allows flexible AI model swapping. For enhanced quality and detail, we recommend DreamShaper, but you can also use models from CivitAI or .safetensors files. The generated content from this software is for personal, non-commercial use only. Unauthorized commercial use of the generated content is strictly prohibited. This software is currently available only for ASUS product users and supports only selected products. Only some of the images displayed on this webpage are generated by MuseTree. Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy