About ASUS Business｜Business｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer ASUS Business We help modern organizations make the right choices - ready for business Vision Purpose Advantage Solutions Sustainability Our vision Excellence for your achievement With decades of innovation experience, ASUS Business is the first choice for commerce and education, fostering communication, coordination, connectivity, creativity and culture across both traditional and digital boundaries. We engineer always-on reliability, create agile solutions, deliver all-around support and provide added value — every time, for every business. ASUS Business Find your way forward Business is evolving, and we’re here to help you find the way forward. Businesses today need reliability. A strategic partner they can trust. Agile technologies that can grow with them. An expert insider who knows the ins and outs of innovation — so they don’t have to. That’s ASUS Business. Our solutions empower organizations to embrace commercial realities of the modern world. With our support, you’ll work faster, collaborate seamlessly — at the office, at home or on the move — and enjoy accelerated productivity with everything you do. Always-on reliability We are committed to delivering reliable devices and services you can trust while creating positive, meaningful change in the environment. With 5,000+ world- class engineers, we build rock-solid products with a commitment to sustainability, from operations to product design. Our products are built to military-grade standards, hold hundreds of world records and have been honored with tens of thousands of awards. Agile solutions We offer a wide range of agile solutions that are deeply rooted in industry and customer insights, flexibly designed with your growth vision in mind. From motherboards, PCs and peripherals to servers, software and integration with every cloud, we design solutions that fit your needs today — and tomorrow. And back it all with a range of flexible service options, for the reassurance you need. All-around support Our support goes beyond devices. We provide dedicated assistance from the first conversation, proactively addressing your needs every step of the way. Whether it’s a dedicated account team, a door-to-door delivery and return service or continuous feedback-tracking to understand and reflect your needs for future products and services, we’re tirelessly dedicated to being your trusted, long-term partner. Added value We believe value means more than the cost of ownership. That’s why we always seek to push the status quo: to discover new, better ways to serve you. From modular product design that allows easier repair, to tailor-made service packages, to end-to-end partnership support for IT managers, we’ll never stop seeking ways to help you maximize the value of your ASUS Business solutions. The ASUS Business advantage Everyday benefits for your business ASUS Business does more than merely provide IT solutions and support. We’re focused on achieving excellence in everything we do, so you can too. Military-grade strength ASUS Business devices are certified to withstand drops, shakes, and knocks —ready to go the distance. Learn More Simplified business processes ASUS Business management solutions streamline routine tasks — saving time and money. Maximum support, minimal effort Our service packages can be tailored to any business need to protect both the hardware — and your business. Learn More Custom-made business solutions Your commercial demands are our command Technology is rapidly changing the way business users work. Businesses have a strong need for innovative solutions to adapt to change and to compete. ASUS Business has forged strong partnerships that allow us to create comprehensive solutions for any commercial need or industrial scenario. Whatever your demand, we’ll take care of it — empowering you to focus on expanding and accelerating your business. Education Small & Medium business Enterprise Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Government Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Education Empower educators. Inspire the future. Create the best learning experiences with ready-to-go devices and solutions from ASUS that let students and educators connect in innovative ways. Learn more about education solution Learn more about education solution Small & Medium business Reach new heights with productivity-boosting technology Reach new heights with business technology from ASUS that boosts productivity and embraces flexible working, while keeping your business secure. Learn more about small & medium business solution Learn more about small & medium business solution Enterprise Enterprising IT management for future-facing businesses ASUS lets you speed up digital transformation to streamline IT management and enhance security, so you can grow your business and retain top talent in the modern world of work. Learn more about enterprise solution Learn more about enterprise solution Retail & Hospitality Transform the way customers experience your brand Move beyond the transactional and embrace innovative, intuitive technology from ASUS to elevate your brand experiences and create safer environments in-person and online. Learn more about retail & hospitality solution Learn more about retail & hospitality solution Healthcare Reimagine modern healthcare Equip frontline staff and back-office workers with digital tools from ASUS that provide the best patient experience and ensure data security. Learn more about healthcare solution Learn more about healthcare solution Government Technology for government to build a better future Transform your processes with digital tools from ASUS that make data-sharing safer and easier, so together you can create change for communities everywhere. Learn more about government solution Learn more about government solution Manufacturing Move fast. Gain the edge. Lead the way. ASUS lets you respond to industry changes and address the needs of a changing workforce, so you can stay ahead of the competition and grow further. Learn more about manufacturing solution Learn more about manufacturing solution Architecture, Engineering & Construction Build the future with high-performance technology Be ready for anything with durable, high-performance technology from ASUS that lets you realize your vision – even in harsh environments. Learn more about architecture, engineering & construction solution Learn more about architecture, engineering & construction solution Media & Entertainment Realize your creative potential Take creative work to the next level with digital solutions from ASUS that offer greater flexibility and easier collaboration. Learn more about media & entertainment solution Learn more about media & entertainment solution Finance Stay flexible. Stay secure. Stay ahead. ASUS brings you technology and solutions designed especially for remote working. So you know your data is safe, wherever your team might be. Learn more about finance solution Learn more about finance solution Environmental, Social, and Governance Sustaining an incredible future We always search for the incredible. We believe that you, too, share the same passion for making an incredible impact on the world. For us, our commitment to environmental, social, and governance is to empower you and everyone else we work with to push forward for a more sustainable future. Let’s make it sustainable — together. NET-ZERO We collaborate with stakeholders to create a cleaner environment and mitigate the impact of climate change by increasing our energy efficiency, utilizing renewable energy, and fostering innovation. CIRCULAR We leverage Design Thinking and technological innovation to develop eco-friendly products, making our business model more environmentally-friendly to minimize our impact on the planet. RESPONSIBLE We work together with our partners to ensure environmental, labor, and human rights responsibility in our supply chain, protecting the rights of everyone our business touches. SHARED We explore innovations in digital inclusion, cross-sector collaborations, and sustainable business models that can create shared value for all. ASUS Sustainability Report Learn more about ASUS Sustainability More about ASUS Product support Download manuals, drivers, find warranty information and more. Learn more Explore our partner programs Discover how ASUS Business partners help us to achieve more. Learn more Connect with ASUS Business We're always there to support Contact sales Resources Stay tuned for more News Check out the latest news, announcements and media resources from ASUS Business Learn more Case studies Learn how ASUS solutions deliver real-world results for organizations worldwide. Learn more / About Us ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages