KORB | What Pros Say | ProArt | ASUS Canada Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand KORB , Design & VFX Boutique The ProArt Studiobook is like a workstation desktop, but you can take it with you whenever you want, which maximizes your workflow. KORB is a team of local and international talents working directly with internationally renowned brands in the areas of advertising, television, visual arts and installation. Blending transformative visual concepts and stories to create immersive sensory experiences, KORB uses visual experimentation to produce outstanding contemporary content, inspired by current trends and culture Portfolio 2022 HUBLOT / YELLOW GOLD COLLECTION 2022 PAR SYSTEMS – Brand film 2021 SODAS / NFT 2021 TEZOS - Brand film 2021 SAMSUNG – In-store film 2021 HUBLOT / SANG BLEU II CERAMIC 2020 ALL IS UNIFORM - Short film 2019 NIKE SUSTAINABILITY 2019 NIKE LeBron 17 2019 NIKE JOYRIDE 2019 NIKE ADAPT Follow the Artist Recommended Products ProArt P16 (H7606); Copilot+ PC 16’’ 2B_NANO BLACK Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business, Free Upgrade to Windows 11¹ (when available, see below) AMD Ryzen™ AI processor Up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 Laptop GPU Dedicated neural processing unit 16” 4K OLED 16:10 display Up to 64GB memory Up to 4TB SSD storage ASUS DialPad USB4 Type-C Learn More Where to buy ProArt PX13 (HN7306); Copilot+ PC 13.3” 2B_NANO BLACK Windows 11 Home - ASUS recommends Windows 11 Pro for business AMD Ryzen™ AI processor Up to NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 4070 Laptop GPU Dedicated neural processing unit 13.3” 3K OLED 16:10 display Up to 32GB memory Up to 2TB SSD storage ASUS DialPad USB4 Type-C Learn More Create with ProArt Software used: 3ds Max® Houdini Adobe® Creative Cloud® New possibilities KORB came into being about 15 years ago, in the wild time after Lithuania gained independence. The industry was just starting to develop and even by the time the founder started as a designer, the environment wasn’t ideal, and it was pushing him to be more and more experimental. He was starting to be known for a particular kind of artwork and was recognized by major festivals and design blogs around the world. Inquiries from international brands also opened up new possibilities. He freelanced for brands like MTV which attracted even more projects, and soon, KORB was born with the recruitment of a few more super-talented staff. That is how KORB's wonderful journey began. Creating photorealism Focusing on making super photo realism, KORB is reliant on powerful machines and accurate colors to achieve its goal. As technology advanced, KORB needed to adapt to it. Now that 4K is the standard, working with ProArt helps KORB to maintain its high-quality performance. One big challenge, and possibly satisfaction, comes from convincing viewers that what they see is real. For abstract design, it is crucial to have interesting patterns and complexity to hold the viewers’ attention. This is only possible with high-end devices and, of course, a talented team. All about experimentation KORB is constantly challenging itself to transform what you see or what you think you know into something fantastical in the CGI world. It wants to create quality photorealism. The form can be something totally abstract or exacting or something versatile, fluid. It is all about experimentation, inspired sometimes by current trends or culture. Experience the unexpected KORB is in constant pursuit of transformative visual concepts and stories to create immersive sensory experiences. What we see, feel and experience can give shape to the work and a world that KORB is trying to create, a world that is beyond all of imaginations, something truly unexpected. Gallery For ProArtists, By ProArtists Explore More ProArtists Learn More Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy