ASUS Vivobook S 15 (S5507)｜Laptops For Home｜ASUS Canada Business Gaming Special Offers Shop Mobile / Handhelds Laptops Displays / Desktops Motherboards / Components Networking / IoT Accessories Support Support ASUS Premium Care ASUS Repair Services Commercial Support Drivers & Manuals Check Repair Status MyASUS ZenTalk Register My Account Business Gaming ROG - Republic of Gamers TUF Gaming Powered by ASUS ROG Elite Rewards ROG Arena Special Offers Support Register ASUS Vivobook S15 (S5507); Copilot+ PC Overview Laptop-OLED Tech Specs Review Support ASUS Vivobook S15 (S5507); Copilot+ PC ASUS Vivobook S 15 Your First ASUS Copilot+ PC Meet your first ASUS Copilot+ PC — the ASUS Vivobook S 15, a sleek AI-powered laptop designed for smart users. With the efficient power of its Qualcomm® Snapdragon® X Elite Processor, enjoy up to 18 hours2 of seamless productivity. The 3K 120 Hz ultra-large OLED display and immersive audio system are encased in a premium all-metal 1.47 cm-thin, 1.42 kg-light1 body for effortless mobility. Featuring a mood-setting single-zone RGB keyboard, with a dedicated Microsoft Copilot key3 for instant AI assistance, revolutionize your work and play. Welcome to an innovative and elegant future, where AI brings you to the forefront, with no compromises. GFK and NPD combined retail data in 2021 Q4~2024 Q1, worldwide market. Open side navigationClose side navigation GO TO TOP AI EXPERIENCE THIN & LIGHT PERFORMANCE CONNECTIVITY BATTERY DISPLAY & AUDIO KEYBOARD & TOUCHPAD ASUS Copilot+ PC optimize your time, effort, and energy 1.47 cm thin 1.42 kg light for effortless mobility1 Windows 11 Home Up to Qualcomm® Snapdragon® X Elite Processor provides up to 45 W CPU performance Up to 18+ hours non-stop productivity and entertainment2 Up to 18+ hours non-stop productivity and entertainment2 Experience the perfect sensory feast with lifelike OLED visual and audio experiences Single-zone RGB keyboard and enlarged touchpad show your vibe with ease Full I/O ports USB4®, USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A, HDMI 2.1 TMDS, MicroSD card reader, Audio jack Watch Now ALWAYS INCREDIBLE A I AI EXPERIENCE Your First ASUS Copilot+ PC It’s here! We’re proud to present the first ASUS Copilot+ PC – ASUS Vivobook S 15. Powered by the latest AI-enabled processors, this PC brings you a next-level AI experience, with enhanced security, speed, and personalization. With integrated AI engine to accelerate AI computing, Copilot24 for personalized assistance, and a suite of powerful ASUS AI applications, your PC is now your ultimate companion. Experience the difference easier, faster, smarter, and smoother — ASUS Copilot+ PC puts an extraordinary AI experience at your fingertips, now. Dedicated AI chip All-local AI processing with up to 45 TOPS performance, compatible with a wide range of ISVs. The fastest, most intelligent Windows PCs ever. ASUS AI applications Empower all aspects of your daily life with ASUS AI applications. AI EXPERIENCE A new AI era begins A whole new way of interaction with your PC is here. Copilot+ PC experiences, you can accelerate your productivity and creativity. Let the new ASUS Copilot+ PC transform the ordinary into the extraordinary, making every day an adventure filled with endless possibilities. * The model shown is for reference purposes only. Actual models may differ. ** Screen simulated, subject to change. Copilot Recall Live Captions Cocreator Windows Studio Effects Automatic Super Resolution Your everyday AI companion New for Windows 11, Copilot24 is an AI-powered assistant that helps you get answers and inspirations from across the web, supports creativity and collaboration, and helps you focus on the task at hand. Recall instantly Searching for a document, email or web page on your PC can be time-consuming. Now you can just describe how you remember something and Recall will find it, instantly.20 Connect with Live Captions When you never miss a word, you never miss a beat. Get accurate subtitles in real time with automatic Live Captions.21 Create with Cocreator Everyone has an imagination and an ability to be an artist. Light your spark with Cocreator.22 Engage your audiences with Windows Studio Effects Improve lighting and blur distractions in the background during video calls. When presentation matters, turn on Windows Studio Effects. Better graphics for all No need to compromise when it comes to graphics. Automatic Super Resolution upscales games in real time to deliver high-definition, high frame rate gaming.23 AI EXPERIENCE AI, always incredible ASUS AI applications elevate your daily routine with unparalleled convenience. Seamlessly organize your multimedia library with AI-powered categorization, safeguard your privacy with AI assistance, and experience crystal-clear audio with smart noise cancelation. Embrace the future of technology with ASUS, where AI enhances every aspect of your life. AI for organizing multimedia StoryCube is an AI-powered digital asset-management tool, which can automatically organize your photos and videos. AI for security and privacy Stay focused with AI-powered ASUS Adaptive Dimming. It adjusts screen brightness based on your presence. ASUS Adaptive Lock keeps your space secure and saves energy by locking when you’re away. AI for the clearest audio ASUS AI Noise Cancelation leverages a massive deep-learning database to reduce background noise in meetings and calls, for crystal-clear audio. AI noise cancelation, pressed, off THIN & LIGHT DESIGN Slim Strong Sophisticated THIN & LIGHT DESIGN Slim. Strong. Sophisticated ASUS Vivobook S 15 stands out for its ultra-slim and lightweight design, redefining elegance with its minimalist aesthetics. The premium CNC-engraved logo adds a touch of class, while the versatile tapered unibody design ensures solidity and stability. Experience seamless portability and stunning looks without sacrificing power. Starting at 1.47 cm thin 1.42 kg lightweight1 Premium all-metal body design lay-flat hinge PERFORMANCE Game-changing AI-powered performance ASUS Vivobook S 15 combines stunning looks with powerful performance. Equipped with the Snapdragon® X Elite Processor for responsive multitasking, it guarantees a seamless experience for productivity, creativity, and entertainment without compromising battery life. With up to 45 TOPS NPU4 for unmatched AI performance and lightning-fast 32 GB 8448 MHz LDPPR5X memory5, every task runs smoothly. Prepare for the life-changing power of the ASUS Vivobook S 15. Windows 11 Home Up to Snapdragon® X Elite Processor Qualcomm® AI Engine Up to 45 TOPS NPU4 Up to 45 W TDP4 ASUS IceCool thermal technology ASUS Vivobook S 15 with Snapdragon® X Elite Processor (45W) 1,050 Competitor models with Snapdragon® X Elite Processor (20W) 800 31.25% faster * Testing conducted by ASUS in May 2024 using a preproduction 15.6-inch ASUS Vivobook S 15 with a Snapdragon X Elite processor (12-core CPU) configured with 16 GB of RAM and a 1 TB SSD. The competitors’ test results are predicted numbers based on the current information from partners and theoretical numbers. The actual test results will be updated after June 18th, the release date set by Microsoft for OEMs to sell the products. AI ENGINE CPU & IGPU SSD & RAM COOLING WI-FI 7 AI ENGINE Perfectly built for AI The Qualcomm® AI Engine propels you to new productivity heights with its dedicated 45 TOPS NPU4, while the AI Stack ensures developers swiftly unlock AI’s full potential. CPU & IGPU Unprecedented performance and efficiency The Snapdragon® X Elite Processor delivers up to 21% faster peak performance than Apple's M3 processor19 in multi-core tasks, enhancing productivity, handling demanding tasks, and extending mobility with superior battery life. With up to 45W TDP4, it enables rapid creation and empowers users to tackle daily tasks or enjoy creating and gaming on the go. Experience unparalleled freedom with the longest-lasting battery life in a Windows laptop, setting a new benchmark for possibilities. SSD & RAM Simply fast Step into a realm of computing excellence where instant boot-ups, capacious up to 1 TB PCIe® 4.0 SSD6, and an impressive 32 GB of lightning-fast 8448 MHz LPDDR5X memory5 redefine the very essence of seamless performance. Effortlessly navigate daily tasks with unparalleled speed, transforming your computing experience into a harmonious blend of efficiency and power. COOLING Smarter cooling ASUS Vivobook S 15 stays cool under pressure with ASUS IceCool thermal technology. With two 97 iceblades, two heat pipes7, and two exhaust vents cooling system can ensure efficient heat transfer and exhaust, so you can tackle demanding tasks without a performance hit, thanks to smart cooling. Plus, dust filters for both fans keep your laptop pristine. 0 dB ambient cooling < 28 dBA noise in Whisper mode WI-FI 7 Our fastest ever Wi-Fi The ASUS Vivobook S 15 boasts Wi-Fi 7 and Qualcomm® FastConnect™ 7800 technology for lightning-fast wireless connections—up to 4.8 times faster8 than the previous generation. It seamlessly connects to the strongest signal, optimally utilizing bandwidth. Plus, indulge in enhanced communication and entertainment with support for up to three simultaneous Bluetooth® headphone connections. Learn more CONNECTIVITY Every connection you’ll ever need ASUS Vivobook S 15 is your ultimate companion for a seamless fusion of entertainment and productivity. With two USB4® ports acting as versatile hubs, you’ll experience lightning-fast data transfers coupled with effortless charging. Other ports provide flexible connectivity options, allowing you to instantly connect external displays, mice, keyboards, speakers, or headsets. It’s a hub of possibilities at your fingertips. 2 x USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A 1 x HDMI 2.1 TMDS 2 x USB4® support external display and superfast data transfer 1 x MicroSD card reader 1 x Audio jack Enjoy over 18 hours of non-stop versatility BATTERY Day or night, it’s all the same to us Treat yourself to a hassle-free lifestyle with ASUS Vivobook S 15. Its 70 Wh high-capacity battery delivers over 18 hours2 of uninterrupted entertainment and productivity－empowering you to conquer your day effortlessly. Up to 1.2x battery lifespan13 60% in 49 mins Fast charging technology14 USB-C® Easy Charge support Learn more OLED DISPLAY You’ll never get tired of watching it The 15.6-inch 3K 120 Hz OLED display, with its 2880 by 1620 resolution, delivers refined specular highlights and extraordinary shadow detail, all in vivid, true-to-life color. Immerse yourself in an incredibly smooth and vivid entertainment and creative experience. Learn more about ASUS Lumina OLED displays 89% screen-to-body ratio 0.2 ms ultrafast response time 100% DCI-P3 color gamut Up to 600 nits peak brightness high dynamic range low blue light certified flicker free certified low blue light hardware certified More Accurate ASUS Lumina OLED offers industry-standard colors, deep blacks, and exceptional detail. More Adaptive ASUS Lumina OLED provides customizable visuals, power-saving solutions and sharpened playback. More Reliable ASUS Lumina OLED ensures eye protection, burn-in prevention and panel durability. Learn more AUDIO Your ears will thank you Immerse yourself in the extraordinary audio world of our latest laptop – where sound is not just heard, but felt. Whether you’re indulging in a cinematic masterpiece, enjoying a gaming session, or simply listening to your favorite tunes, this laptop elevates your audio expectations. Say goodbye to ordinary sound and embrace a world of clarity and richness. Smart Amplifier ASUS Audio Booster Learn more RGB KEYBOARD Your RGB keyboard, your colors Ready to personalize your experience? ASUS Vivobook S 15 introduces a single-zone RGB backlit keyboard, transforming your typing into a vibrant expression of your style. * Use the MyASUS app to adjust RGB lighting settings, including color and lighting modes. Copilot key Emoji key Solid Color Breathing Rainbow 5 seconds ScreenXpert Smooth touchpad with large size Smooth scroll for brightness control Smooth scroll for volume control Smooth scroll for video playback control Scroll to access ScreenXpert Control Center BIG TOUCHPAD Swipe, pinch, zoom, and play ASUS Vivobook S 15 has an expansive and smart gesture touchpad － your gateway to effortless navigation. Beyond its spacious design, this intelligent touchpad lets you take charge seamlessly. Whether adjusting audio, optimizing screen brightness, or managing video playback, it understands your gestures, making your digital experience both fun and easy. Learn more More about ASUS Vivobook S What’s more you should know on ASUS Vivobook S SECURITY ENVIRONMENT MILITARY GRADE SOFTWARE SECURITY Security and privacy, sorted Security is effortless with the ASUS Vivobook S15's advanced IR camera, enabling you to unlock your computer in an instant. Say goodbye to the hassle of traditional passwords and unlock your laptop quickly and securely with just a smile. Safeguard your privacy with a physical webcam cover and an integrated privacy shield that slides over the webcam for instant protection against prying eyes. ENVIRONMENT Sustaining an incredible future We always search for the incredible, and we believe that you, too, share our passion for minimizing our environmental impact on the world. Our serious commitment to environment, social, and governance (ESG) issues aims to empower you and everyone else we work with to push forward for a more sustainable future. Let’s become sustainable — together. Learn more about our sustainability actions MILITARY GRADE Tougher than the rest ASUS Vivobook S 15 is tested to the rigorous MIL-STD 810H military standard18, ensuring reliability and durability. Enduring extensive tests in harsh environments enhances their longevity, promoting sustainability. Work, travel, or relax with confidence, knowing your laptop is prepared for the real world — today and into the future. Learn more about asus-military-grade-durability High Temperature Test Low Temperature Test Shock Test Vibration Test Altitude Test SOFTWARE Truly personalized workflow ASUS offers a suite of software designed to take your computing experience up a notch. MyASUS provides a collection of handy apps and tools that help you get more out of your laptop, while GlideX enables you to get more done by sharing screens across devices. Plus, ScreenXpert helps you manage app windows across all connected displays for a smoother workflow. Learn more Related article ASUS Vivobook S 15 — Democratizing AI-Powered Work and Play Learn more To see a full list of supported apps, please visit https://qualcomm.com/windowsapps. Please note that app compatibility may vary depending on the specific ARM-based model and software version. For the best experience, ensure your device is running the latest updates. The devices referred to on this web page are the most highly-specified models available. Some models and configurations may not have an OLED display option. Please check the product specifications to ensure that the correct type of display is configured before purchasing in-store or online. The characteristics of an OLED display can eventually change over long periods of use, leading to visible changes. This is completely normal, and can cause behavior such as image burn-in or persistence: this means that a faint ghost of an image remains visible even when it’s replaced by a new image. These effects are more likely to occur if a non-moving (static) high-contrast image is displayed for an excessively long time. ASUS laptops with an OLED display minimize this risk by setting Windows Dark mode as default, as well as shortening the idle time before the screen is turned off — both on mains (AC) and battery (DC) power. This dual approach minimizes the potential for burn-in to maximize the lifespan of your OLED display lifespan, and also reduces unnecessary power draw for optimal battery life. We also recommended adjusting the brightness of your OLED display to complement the ambient lighting in your environment, rather than keeping the screen at maximum brightness at all times. You should also ensure that you have an animated, dark-background screensaver enabled in the Windows Settings tool. The model shown is for reference purposes only. Actual models may differ. Product weight may vary according to device configuration. Battery tests conducted by ASUS on May 7, 2024 using the 1080p Video Playback scenario. Test configuration: ASUS Vivobook S 15 (S5507Q), 3K OLED panel, Snapdragon X Elite 12C, 1 TB SSD, 32 GB RAM, 70 Wh battery. Test settings: WiFi disabled, Keyboard backlit disabled, Windows Power Plan set to Best Power Efficiency, display brightness set to 150 cd/m2. Actual battery life may vary depending on product configuration, usage, operational conditions and power management settings. Battery life will decrease over the lifetime of the battery. Screen simulated, subject to change. Copilot (in preview) is available in select global markets and will be rolled out to additional markets over time. The Copilot key will be available on many new Windows PCs starting in early 2024. When Copilot is not enabled on the device, pressing the Copilot key will launch Windows Search See aka.ms/WindowsAIFeatures The figures are based on theoretical performance. Actual performance may vary in real-world situations. Maximum RAM capacity may vary according to device configuration. Maximum SSD capacity may vary according to device configuration. The component placement is for reference only, and may vary by model and config Theoretical speed difference between Wi-Fi 7 (320 MHz, 4096 QAM version), and Wi-Fi 6 (80 MHz, 1024 QAM version). The Multi-Link Operation function, which allows the laptop to switch to the strongest Wi-Fi signal automatically, only works when the router is also Wi-Fi 7 compatible. The LE audio function, which allows up to three earphones to connect to one device simultaneously, only works when all the earphones are the LC3 codec. All plays, connects, disconnects while streaming to the only connected Bluetooth audio device. Connecting to a second headset while currently streaming to the first. The audio may not route as expected, and the audio application may display an error. This data is derived from ASUS laboratory testing, which involves simulating daily charging frequency as the testing standard. The actual lifespan of the battery may differ depending on factors such as product configuration, usage patterns, operational conditions, and power management settings. Over time, the battery’s longevity will naturally decrease. For more comprehensive information, please refer to the provided link. Fast charging technology is tested while the device is powered off with the default adapter included with the device. Charging time may vary +/- 10% due to system tolerance. Average tested result in MyASUS Splendid Display P3 and sRGB color gamut: Delta E < 1, +/- 0.5, and may vary by specification. Please note that the actual performance also may vary under different test procedures, equipment, and patterns. Compared to average LCD displays in the market, measuring energy emission of blue light in between 415-455 nm wavelength. To further maximize the protection of your OLED laptop, ASUS has included OLED Care settings such as pixel refresh and pixel shifting, which are turned on by default. It’s important to note that if any burn-in issues do occur within the warranty period, which might vary by countries, ASUS offers a free exchange service for the affected OLED laptop as long as the user did not manually turn off the OLED Care functions. The testing regime includes the requirements of both military-grade standards and ASUS quality tests, and varies depending on device. MIL-STD-810 testing is conducted on selected ASUS products only. Note that the MIL-STD-810 testing helps to ensure the quality of ASUS products but does not indicate a particular fitness for military use. The test is performed under laboratory conditions. Any damage caused by attempts to replicate these test conditions would be considered accidental, and would not be covered by the standard ASUS warranty. Additional coverage is available with ASUS Premium Care.  Testing conducted by ASUS in May 2024 using a preproduction 15.6-inch ASUS Vivobook S 15 with a Snapdragon X Elite processor (12-core CPU) configured with 16 GB of RAM and a 1 TB SSD. The competitors’ test results are predicted numbers based on the current information from partners and theoretical numbers. The actual test results will be updated after June 18th, the release date set by Microsoft for OEMs to sell the products. Optimized for select languages (English, Chinese (simplified), French, German, Japanese, and Spanish.) Content-based and storage limitations apply. Recall is coming soon through a post-launch Windows Update. See https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs. Currently supports translation for video and audio subtitles into English from 40+ languages. See https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs. Optimized for English text prompts. See https://aka.ms/copilotpluspcs Available at initial launch. *Copilot is available in select global markets and will be rolled out to additional markets over time. Learn more. Copilot functionality is limited and has specific system requirements. hidden Battery life beyond boundaries Experience enhanced laptop performance and reliability through our exclusive battery technology. It extends your battery’s life, increasing charging cycles from 1000 to 1200 in rigorous testing. This ensures your laptop serves you for an extended period, delivering long-lasting benefits.13 Battery health management Extend your battery life with customizable options through MyASUS Battery Health Management. This feature adjusts the charging behavior, keeping the battery at a healthy 80% charge until you’re ready to use it at full capacity. BATTERY CARE MODE EXTEND BATTERY LIFESPAN 0% INSTANT FULL CHARGE MODE STAY PRODUCTIVE 0% USB-C® Easy Charge: Power anytime, anywhere USB-C® Easy Charge support means your ASUS Vivobook S 15 can be conveniently charged using a wide range of standard USB-C® chargers, including power banks. You can quickly charge it with any certified USB-C® Power Delivery (PD) charger within a voltage range of 5-20V, or easily charge it on the go using airline chargers, portable chargers, and more. Experience perfection with an ASUS Lumina OLED display 100% DCI-P3 best-in-class color gamut Vivid displays for precise creativity, color work and vibrant visual entertainment. 70% less harmful blue light With lower harmful blue-light levels, OLED offers better eye care and sleep quality. 120 Hz / 0.2 ms ultimate motion clarity Blur-free action scenes in movies and games, with ultra-smooth text scrolling. Clearer images at any brightness Rich colors are maintained even at low brightness levels. 1,000,000:1 high contrast ratio The deep blacks allow you to see previously unseen details in dark movie scenes. ASUS Lumina OLED Normal OLED Most LCD ‘ASUS Lumina OLED laptop displays’ vs. ‘Normal OLED laptop displays’ vs. ‘Most LCD laptop displays’ comparison chart ASUS Lumina OLED Normal OLED Most LCD COLOR GAMUT 100% DCI-P3 (133% sRGB)Delta E < 115 100% DCI-P3 (133% sRGB) 62.5% sRGB (45% NTSC) PANTONE® VALIDATED Yes depends depends REFRESH RATE Up to 120 Hz depends 60 Hz RESPONSE TIME 0.2 ms 0.2 ms 10 ms PEAK BRIGHTNESS HDR up to 600 nits depends 250 nits CONTRAST RATIO 1,000,000:1DisplayHDR™ True Black 600 certified 1,000,000:1 1,000:1 HARMFUL BLUE LIGHT 6.5% (70% reduction16)TUV certifiedFlicker-free dimming 6.5% (70% reduction) 21.5% COLOR DEPTH Up to 1.07 billion colors Up to 1.07 billion colors 16.7 million colors CUSTOMIZED MODES ASUS Splendid X X BURN IN PREVENTION ASUS OLED CareFree panel swap under warranty17 X X POWER SAVING OLED power saving depends X PANEL PROTECTION Thermal design protectionUS military-grade test depends X World-leading motion clarity with up to 120 Hz Premium ASUS Lumina OLED displays with 120 Hz refresh rate and 0.2 ms pixel response time are incredibly smooth and clear. In fact, the 120 Hz / 0.2 ms OLED display is faster than a 165 Hz / 3 ms LCD IPS display — because it reduces ghosting to an indiscernible level. Simply put, this means even fast-moving visuals are smoother and clearer than ever. 144 Hz / 12.5 ms LCD 165 Hz / 3 ms LCD 120 Hz / 0.2 ms OLED ASUS Splendid, Customizable color gamut for every need With integrated ASUS Splendid software, the color gamut can be quickly and easily switched to suit various tasks or preferences. Choose between the ultravivid native color setting, sRGB for web content or browsing, DCI-P3 for cinema content, or Display P3 for extraordinary real-world color. sRGB Web content-creation standard DCI-P3 Cinema color standard Display-P3 Movie-grade colors adjusted to fit everyday viewing Native Original OLED colors Dolby Atmos: Dive into sound With Dolby Atmos, sound can be more spatially dynamic — even overhead — creating an immersive soundscape that feels more realistic. Louder sounds! Combining Smart Amplifier and ASUS Audio Booster technology, the audio volume is boosted by up to 5.25x for a powerful audio experience. Normal amplifiersASUS Audio Booster + Smart Amplifier Volume (dB) Time (minutes) 5.25x Dynamic sound experience The distortion-suppressing dual-channel Smart Amplifier is equipped with a powerful DSP chip that can prevent long-term damage to the sensitive speaker voice coils. Creating or listening to audio in your videos, movies, music or games has never sounded better! More clarity Distortion-free The Smart Amplifier helps to deliver clearer audio by boosting volume across the entire audio spectrum, not just at certain frequencies. An octave spectrum line chart with volume in decibels on the X axis, and frequency on the Y axis. Octave spectrum Level (DBSPL)Frequency (Hz) Normal amplifiersSmart Amplifier The Smart Amplifier’s output is intelligently matched to the speaker’s physical capabilities, fine-tuning the system across the entire spectrum to ensure distortion-free audio at any volume level. A line graph of speaker excursion on the X axis versus frequency on the Y axis. Speaker diaphragm displacement (excursion) vs. frequency Excursion (mm)Frequency (Hz)Excursion protection Normal amplifiersWithout protectionSmart AmplifierExcursion limits ASUS ErgoSense keyboard, comfortable typing experience Your comfort is our highest priority. That’s why the ASUS ErgoSense keyboard has an incredibly satisfying feel, with the optimum key bounce and travel calculated with fine-tuned precision. Experience the ErgoSense keyboard and you’ll soon find yourself cruising effortlessly through your work. Larger key cap with 19.05 mm key pitch The full-size 19.05 mm key pitch is the same as a desktop keyboard, so you can whizz through your work with superb typing comfort and accuracy. Dished key caps 0.2 mm The 0.2 mm key-cap dish is designed to match the shape of your fingertips so your fingers are gently guided to the ideal contact point with the keys. Long key travel 1.7 mm The long 1.7 mm key travel lets you type without having to use too much force. And the special ASUS-designed rubber dome guarantees your click force is met with just the right tactile bump you need for a nice grip. Enhanced number key layout Blitz through data-crunching tasks with the enhanced number key layout! This features hotkeys for the calculator, CE and +/- functions, along with increased spacing to match the full-size key pitch for more intuitive number entry. Dedicated function keys To enhance your experience, we’ve transformed your most-used functions — such as the emoji clipboard, microphone, and webcam shield power switch — into convenient one-finger hotkeys for seamless switching. Quiet operation The new ErgoSense quiet keyboard uses an optimized scissor-key mechanism that minimizes noise and resonance, benefiting both your personal space and those around you. Optimal click ratio: Engineered to perfection The feel of a keyboard depends on the crucial ratio between the peak force (also known as the actuation force) and the contact force. Peak force occurs when you press down on the key and reach the maximum force that the key’s underlying rubber dome can withstand without deflecting. Contact force occurs when the bottom of the key touches the circuit board to trigger an electronic signal, which in turn generates the action appropriate to the key. To achieve the most natural feel for a keyboard, ASUS keyboard experts have scientifically determined that the optimal ergonomic click ratio for a key is between 45-60%. These forces are precisely measured and tuned using the ASUS-designed rubber domes beneath the keys. Optimal click ratio: Engineered to perfection ASUS ErgoSense touchpad, smooth as new, with every touch The latest ASUS ErgoSense touchpad is engineered to enable an unrivaled input experience that’s in harmony with how you move, feel and scroll. Quiet touchpad Our revolutionary silent touchpad technology utilizes a silent dome-switch sheet to reduce the impact force of pressing, effectively eliminating annoying noise and enhancing your personal space, as well as the comfort of those around you. Enhanced click depth To further enhance your efficiency and creativity, the ErgoSense touchpad of ASUS Vivobook S 15 has a longer 0.23 mm click depth that’s optimal for a great feel with natural feedback. It also helps to dramatically cut down on unintended activations. The best ASUS software ever in a laptop MyASUS MyASUS provides easy access to ASUS apps that are designed to help you maintain your system, update your software, optimize your PC’s performance, and contact ASUS for after-sales support. Learn more about MyASUS ASUS Switch Device Settings One-Click System Diagnosis System Update Customer Support GlideX GlideX is a cross-device screen-sharing solution, with Mirror and Extend features that give you a bigger and better space for work and play. The Unify Control feature lets you use a single mouse and keyboard set to control different devices from one PC, across different OSes, so you don't need to switch between devices. GlideX optimizes your workflow in the blink of an eye! Learn more about GlideX Mirror Extend (PC to Mobile) Extend (PC to PC) Unify Control File Transfer Communication ScreenXpert ScreenXpert — which you can download from Microsoft Store or find in your PC’s Start menu — helps you to manage app windows across displays connected to your ASUS PC and puts you in full control of your workflow! Learn more about ScreenXpert App Switcher App Navigator Control Center Cursor Locator Cursor Edge Lock MULTI-LINK OPERATION Automatic switching Your ASUS Vivobook S 15 features Wi-Fi 7 technology that can switch automatically to the strongest Wi-Fi signal9. And paired with the Smart Connection feature in MyASUS, your laptop will link to the Wi-Fi 7 router with the most stable signal, so you’ll always have the best possible connection. MULTI-RU AND PREAMBLE PUNCTURING Efficient bandwidth MULTI-RESOURCE UNIT The more the faster Wi-Fi 7 uses network resources more efficiently by sharing idle resources with the devices that need them most. This solves a problem in Wi-Fi 6, where only one device could use one resource at a time. It means faster downloads, smoother online gaming, and more room for creativity. Wi-Fi 7 User 1 User 2 Resource units can be allocated based on demand. Wi-Fi 6 User 1 Not Use User 2 Each user can share only one resource unit. PREAMBLE PUNCTURING Pass through the interference Want to speed things up? Wi-Fi 7 can minimize the effects of interference by disabling the affected frequency bands. You’ll experience fast, uninterrupted connectivity without being slowed down by interference. Wi-Fi 7 Partially passed, efficiency utilized. Wi-Fi 6 Fully blocked, resources wasted. Conference calls with more possibilities Conference calls can be single-presenter or multi-presenter, gathered around a single laptop with voices coming from various directions. With the upgraded system enabled via the MyASUS app, it detects and optimizes audio from either one direction or from all directions — ensuring top conference call audio quality. Single presenter conference call Single-presenter conference call mode can filter out noise and other voices, and ensures only the voice in front of laptop can be heard. When you switch on the Target Speaker Tracking mode it can even target and track new talkers within a 180° arc, making the feature ideal for recording large groups as well as for individuals. Target Speaker Tracking Target Speaker Tracking Multi-presenter conference call Multi-presenter conference call mode filters out ambient noise whilst identifying multiple voices from all directions and distances, so all voices can be heard more clearly. Multi-presenter Mode Close hidden (0) (0) Laptops For Home ASUS Vivobook Laptops ASUS Vivobook S 15 (S5507) Shop and Learn Mobile / Handhelds Accessories Gaming Handhelds Laptops For Home For Work For Creators For Students For Gaming Software Technology / Innovations AI PC Copilot+ PC Warranty Displays / Desktops Monitors Projectors All-in-One PCs Tower PCs Gaming Tower PCs NUCs Mini PCs Workstations Software Warranty Motherboards / Components Motherboards Single Board Computer Gaming Case Cooling Graphics Cards Power Supply Units Sound Cards Optical Drives Data Storage Networking / IoT WiFi 7 WiFi 6 WiFi Routers Whole Home Mesh WiFi System Range Extenders Wireless & Wired Adapters AIoT & Industrial Solution Business WiFi Solutions Servers Accessories Keyboards Mice and Mouse Pads Headsets and Audio Streaming Kit Apparel, Bags and Gear Adapters and Chargers Docks, Dongles and Cable Stylus Controller Canada / English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy