ASUS Member | ASUS Canada Become an ASUS member to receive exclusive benefits! Laptop owners receive 1 year of Accidental Damage Protection*! (US and Canada only) Register Now Register your new ASUS laptop to receive 1 year of complimentary Accidental Damage Protection (ADP)! ASUS offers one year of complimentary Accidental Damage Protection (ADP) on laptops* so that when accidents happen, we have you covered. Once you register as an ASUS Member, you can register your new laptop via the Product Registration page in your ASUS Account settings or via the MyASUS app to receive your one year of Accidental Damage Protection. Liquid Spills Electrical Surges Accidental Drops How to receive your 1 year of complimentary ADP: STEP 1 Register as an ASUS Member STEP 2 Register your device in your ASUS Account settings or via the MyASUS app STEP 3 Enjoy peace of mind with ADP! More reasons to become an ASUS Member Hear about our latest promotions and sales Make shopping at the ASUS Store even easier Be the first to know about our latest product launches Learn about upcoming events near you Download the MyASUS app to access additional ASUS member benefits: Share your experience with us and you can qualify for a 90-day warranty extension. Learn More ASUS Accidental Damage Protection (ADP) FAQs Click to expand What damages are covered by ASUS ADP? Our ADP program was created to help protect you against damages such as: liquid spills, electrical surges, and drops. Subject to verification by ASUS. ASUS ADP does NOT apply to the following: scratches and dents, incorrect or inadequate customer installation, lost or stolen products, intentional damage, recovery or transfer or stored data to the product, requests for miscellaneous cables or accessories, and damages caused by acts of God, nature, or war. Is my product eligible for ASUS ADP? This protection program applies only to brand new ASUS branded laptops sold within the United States and Canada from select authorized ASUS resellers. Products must be purchased in brand new factory sealed condition and not of refurbished or open-box condition. You must register your laptop within 60 days of purchase to qualify for ADP. When does ASUS ADP coverage begin, and how long does it last? Your complimentary ASUS ADP coverage starts on the purchase date of your laptop and lasts for 1 year. Can ASUS ADP coverage last longer than one year? ASUS ADP coverage can be extended by purchasing an ASUS Premium Care (APC) warranty extension package from the ASUS Store or the MyASUS app. APC can only be purchased in the country where you originally purchased your ASUS laptop. You can purchase APC by bundling it with a laptop through the ASUS Store or by purchasing APC separately within 6 months of the original purchase date of your laptop. Full ASUS Premium Care terms and conditions can be found here. How many claims can I file through ADP? There is a limit of only one (1) claim per registered serial number during the first year of product ownership starting from your purchase date. Serial number validation is performed by ASUS after you submit the required information via email or post mail. How do I file an ASUS ADP claim? Visit the ASUS support page for updated customer care information. You may submit a claim through our ASUS online repair form or by contacting customer care via chat or call. *ASUS Accidental Damage Protection (ADP) covers electrical surges, drops, and liquid spills. Product must be purchased in brand new condition to qualify for the one year free ADP program, and the product must be registered with ASUS within 60 days of purchase. Refurbished and/or open box products DO NOT QUALIFY. Scenarios not covered by the ADP terms include (but are not limited to): scratches and dents, incorrect or inadequate customer installation, lost or stolen products, intentional damage, recovery or transfer of stored data to the product, requests for miscellaneous cables or accessories, and damages caused by acts of God or nature. Filing a claim depends on prior validation and approval by ASUS. Only one (1) ADP claim may be filed per coverage year commencing on the purchase date of your product. You are responsible to pay shipping cost to ASUS repair center and after the repair is completed ASUS will return the product back to you within the United States or Canada. Exclusions may apply and all claims are subject to verification and confirmation by ASUS. ASUS Premium Care and Accidental Damage Protection Terms & Conditions can be found here. For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your web browser.