ASUS TUF Gaming Radeon RX 9070 XT OC Edition Business Gaming Special Offers Shop Mobile / Handhelds Laptops Displays / Desktops Motherboards / Components Networking / IoT Accessories Support Support ASUS Premium Care ASUS Repair Services Commercial Support Drivers & Manuals Check Repair Status MyASUS ZenTalk Register My Account Business Gaming ROG - Republic of Gamers TUF Gaming Powered by ASUS ROG Elite Rewards ROG Arena Special Offers Support Register ASUS TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 9070 XT OC Edition 16GB GDDR6 Overview Tech Specs Review Support ASUS TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 9070 XT OC Edition 16GB GDDR6 GET THE BEST PSU Overview Premium Durability Cooling Mastery PSU Companion Reliability Software Game TUF. Built to Last. ASUS TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 9070 XT The AMD RDNA™ 4 Architecture elevated by buffed cooling and power delivery to effortlessly churn out frames at 4K resolution and beyond, and backed with an arsenal of rugged reinforcements to cover your six. Military-Grade Components Premium durability Protective PCB Coating Against moisture and debris Axial-Tech Fans Up to 31% more air than standard fans Vented Exoskeleton 3.125-slot design with optimal heat dissipation Perfect PSU Companion TUF Gaming Gold 850W/750W Phase-Change GPU Thermal Pad Optimal heat dissipation for GPU longevity Dual BIOS Toggle Quiet or Performance mode GPU TWEAK III Ultimate GPU tuning utility Adobe Creative Cloud One Month of Free Adobe Creative Cloud Premium Durability A close-up of a circuit board with a highlighted section labeled ‘MILITARY-GRADE COMPONENTS’ Military-Grade Components TUF Chokes & MOSFETs Certified military-grade TUF chokes and MOSFETs deliver rock-solid power to the GPU, which can help improve system stability. TUF Capacitors TUF 5K black metallic capacitors provide 52% wider temperature tolerance and a 2.5X longer lifespan than standard capacitors. Vibration High Temperature Low Temperature Temperature Shock Humidity Salt Fog Closeup of phase-change GPU thermal pad Phase-Change GPU Thermal Pad By melting to effectively fill the gaps between the GPU and the thermal module, a premium phase-change GPU thermal pad provides superior thermal conductivity and enhanced heat dissipation, ensuring optimal performance and longevity for graphics cards under heavy loads. Close-up view of a PCB board with various electronic components protected by a coating Protective PCB Coating A protective conformal coating envelops the circuit board to help protect against short-circuits caused by moisture, dust or debris. Dual-ball Fan Bearings Dual-ball bearings offer an extensive lifespan of up to 80,000 hours, double the longevity of sleeve bearings and surpassing fluid dynamic bearings. This helps ensure long-lasting, reliable and quiet cooling. Cooling Mastery This advanced cooling design features the ASUS-exclusive MaxContact manufacturing technique, a phase-change GPU thermal pad and efficient Axial-tech fans, helping to ensure premium thermal performance, optimized airflow and quiet operation, all within a robust and vented metal exoskeleton. A visual comparison of ASUS MaxContact and a traditional heat speader MaxContact Design MaxContact is a special ASUS manufacturing process that effectively expands the surface area of the heat spreader that sits atop the GPU by 5%, compared to traditional designs. This improves temperatures by up to 2°C, in concert with an extensive heatsink array and powerful Axial-tech fans. Axial-tech Upgrades Axial-tech fans spin on dual-ball bearings and propel up to 31% more air than standard fans. New Directions The two outer fans spin counterclockwise to reduce turbulence and enhance air dispersion. All three fans stop when GPU temps are below 55°C, for quieter operation during light tasks. They restart above 60°C, following a speed curve that balances performance and acoustics. Vented Exoskeleton A high-quality diecast shroud and aluminum backplate help prevent PCB flex and feature large vents to further increase heat dissipation. BEST PSU FOR Radeon™ RX 9000 Series The Perfect PSU for the TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 9000 Series The TUF Gaming Gold Series PSUs are the perfect match for TUF Gaming Radeon™ RX 9000 Series graphics cards, offering exceptional durability and reliable power delivery. Built with high-quality components and military-grade capacitors, these PSUs ensure your gaming setup performs at its best, even during the most demanding sessions. Power Supply Calculator Recommended PSUs Recommended PSUs Power Supply Product TUF Gaming Gold Series ROG Strix Platinum Series ROG Thor III Series Wattage 1200W / 1000W / 850W / 750W 1200W / 1000W / 850W 1600W / 1200W / 1000W ATX Standard ATX 3.0 / ATX 3.1 ATX 3.1 ATX 3.1 Efficiency 80 Plus Gold 80 Plus Platinum 80 Plus Titanium/Platinum GaN MOSFET "GPU-First” Intelligent Voltage Stabilizer Military-Grade Components PCB Protective Coating Turbo Mode OLED Display Aura Sync Etched Cables Dual Ball Fan Bearings CLOSE Reliability Close-up of a graphics card GPU area with three highlighted locations of GPU Guard ASUS GPU Guard & Bracket ASUS GPU Guard applies adhesive to secure all four corners to reduce the risk of cracks, while a GPU bracket helps ensure uniform mounting pressure and extra stability. Robotic arms meticulously assembling a graphics card using Auto-Extreme technology Auto−Extreme Technology An automated manufacturing process that sets new standards in the industry by allowing all soldering to be completed in a single pass. This reduces thermal strain on components and avoids the use of harsh cleaning chemicals, resulting in less environmental impact, lower manufacturing power consumption and a more reliable product overall. Software Ultimate GPU Tuning Utility ASUS GPU Tweak III is more intuitive and feature-rich than ever before. A revamped interface offers greater accessibility by integrating core functions into a centralized dashboard, and the Voltage-Frequency tuner has been overhauled to make overclocking even easier. Additional goodies like 0dB fan technology, automatic profile swapping, a fully customizable on-screen display and logging capabilities ensure that you get the most out of your graphics card. Learn more about GPU Tweak III One Month of Free Adobe Creative Cloud Enjoy all things AI at Adobe. Get complimentary membership to Adobe Creative Cloud all Apps and Adobe Substance 3D with the purchase of selected ASUS products. Learn more about Adobe Creative Cloud bundle Light ‘em Up! Aura-compatible ARGB lighting on the shroud adds a dash of customizable color or functional effects to your build. Pair up with a vast range of compatible system components and coordinate the glow to create a theme that’s uniquely you. ALL YOU NEED FOR ULTRA-FAST GAMING Speed, performance, and visuals work together for smooth frames and total immersion. The ultra-fast Radeon™ RX 9000 Series Graphics are powered by unified AMD RDNA™ 4 compute units with enhanced raytracing capabilities for an ultra-immersive experience across all key gaming resolutions. Activate AMD HYPR-RX6 to instantly enable all supported performance boosting and latency reducing technologies across thousands of your favorite games. Enjoy high-quality, AI-powered upscaling with AMD FidelityFX™ Super Resolution 41, delivering an immersive gaming experience now and for years to come. SUPERPOWERED VISUALS ENHANCED WITH AI Get immersed in the action of lifelike visuals with next-gen raytracing. Play in perfect clarity with higher quality, AI-powered AMD FidelityFX™ Super Resolution 41 image upscaling with advanced frame generation in supported games. Put your skills on full display with enhanced multimedia and streaming experiences with the AMD Radiance Display™ Engine. INSTANT PERFORMANCE FOR EVERY MOVE Take the instant performance of AMD Radeon™ to an even higher level with the superpower of AMD Software. Enable AMD HYPR-RX6 in one click to unleash the true potential of your Radeon™ GPU, leveraging the combined forces of AMD Radeon™ Super Resolution1, AMD Fluid Motion Frames 2, AMD Radeon™ Anti-Lag and AMD Radeon™ Boost. UX with dependable drivers and day zero game support will ensure game optimizations are ready to go to deliver high frame rates, sharper visuals, and low latency for thousands of gaming experiences that await. FUTURE READY TECH WITH AI AMD Radeon™ delivers all you need to keep your system feeling fast for years to come. Pair it with AMD Ryzen™ 9000 series processors featuring PCI Express® Gen 5 support and the latest AMD Smart Access Memory™ technology3 to realize the full performance of your AM5 platform. Harness both Radeon and Ryzen AI-enabled technologies, and upgrade to next generation displays with DisplayPort™ 2.1 support, and up to 16GB of video memory to experience AAA games in all their visual glory, now and for years to come. GET YOURS 1. AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution (FSR) versions 1, 2, 3, and 4 are available on select games which require game developer integration and are supported on select AMD products. AMD does not provide technical or warranty support for AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution enablement on other vendors' graphics cards. See https://www.amd.com/en/technologies/fidelityfx-super-resolution for additional information. GD-187b. 2. As of March 2023, Radeon Super Resolution (RSR) is compatible with Radeon RX 5000 series graphics and newer and works with games that support exclusive full-screen mode. AMD Software: Adrenalin Edition 22.3.1 or newer is required. For additional information, visit www.amd.com/rsr. GD-197. 3. AMD smart technologies, including AMD SmartAccess Graphics, SmartAccess Storage, SmartAccess Video, SmartShift Eco, and SmartShift Max may require OEM or developer enablement and are available with select configurations only. Select additional AMD hardware is required. For additional information see https://www.amd.com/en/graphics/amd-radeon-rx-laptops. GD-216. 4. Video codec acceleration (including at least the HEVC (H.265), H.264, VP9, and AV1 codecs) is subject to and not operable without inclusion/installation of compatible media players. GD-176 5. AMD Noise Suppression works on AMD Ryzen™ 6000 Series processors with integrated graphics, and AMD Radeon™ RX 6000 Series desktop graphics and newer. AMD Noise Suppression requires AMD Software: Adrenalin Edition™ 22.7.1 and newer and may not install on systems equipped with Realtek ACP-based ANR. GD-213 6. AMD HYPR-RX works on the AMD Radeon™ RX 7000 Series GPUs and newer or the Ryzen 7040 Series APUs with integrated RDNA 3 graphics and newer. AMD HYPR-RX allows various features within AMD Software interoperate, working at the same time, including Radeon Super Resolution, FidelityFX Super Resolution, Radeon Anti-Lag, Radeon Boost, and AMD Fluid Motion Frames where applicable to select titles. GD-225A. 7. Radeon™ Boost is compatible with Windows 10 and 11 in select titles only. Hardware compatibility includes RX 400 and newer consumer dGPUs, Ryzen 2000 and newer APUs, including hybrid and detachable graphics configurations. No mGPU support. Radeon™ Boost VRS compatible with AMD Radeon™ RX 6000 Series Graphics exclusively. For a list of compatible titles see https://www.amd.com/en/technologies/radeon-boost GD-158 8. Radeon™ Anti-Lag is compatible with DirectX 9, DirectX 11 and DirectX 12 APIs, Windows 10 and 11. Hardware compatibility includes Polaris and newer consumer dGPUs Ryzen 2000 and newer APUs, including hybrid and detachable graphics configurations. No mGPU support. GD-157 9. AMD Fluid Motion Frames, or AFMF, is a frame generation technology designed to increase frame rates and smooth movement for game winning performance with minimal impact to image quality. AFMF is integrated into AMD Software and currently supports the Radeon RX 6000 and 7000 series graphics cards. GD-234 © Pearl Abyss Corp. All Rights Reserved. © 2024 MARVEL © 1997-2024 NetEase,Inc. All Rights Reserved © 2024 Activision Publishing, Inc. ACTIVISION, CALL OF DUTY, and CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS are trademarks of Activision Publishing, Inc. All other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners. © 2025 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All rights reserved. AMD, the AMD Arrow logo, AMD Radiance Display, AMD Smart Access Memory, RDNA, Ryzen, Radeon, and combinations thereof are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Other product names used in this publication are for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective companies. (0) (0) Motherboards / Components Graphics Cards TUF Gaming TUF-RX9070XT-O16G-GAMING Shop and Learn Mobile / Handhelds Accessories Gaming Handhelds Laptops For Home For Work For Creators For Students For Gaming Software Technology / Innovations AI PC Copilot+ PC Warranty Displays / Desktops Monitors Projectors All-in-One PCs Tower PCs Gaming Tower PCs NUCs Mini PCs Workstations Software Warranty Motherboards / Components Motherboards Single Board Computer Gaming Case Cooling Graphics Cards Power Supply Units Sound Cards Optical Drives Data Storage Networking / IoT WiFi 7 WiFi 6 WiFi Routers Whole Home Mesh WiFi System Range Extenders Wireless & Wired Adapters AIoT & Industrial Solution Business WiFi Solutions Servers Accessories Keyboards Mice and Mouse Pads Headsets and Audio Streaming Kit Apparel, Bags and Gear Adapters and Chargers Docks, Dongles and Cable Stylus Controller Canada / English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy