Retail & Hospitality - Solutions｜Business｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Transform Your Customer’s Experience IT solutions for retail and hospitality Overview Opportunities Resources Article Shape the future of retail and hospitality Move beyond the transactional and embrace innovative, intuitive technology from ASUS to elevate your brand experiences and create safer environments in-person and online. Future-proof solutions for IT specialists Accelerate digital transformation with innovative technology that seamlessly integrates with back-end systems. Empowering technology for back-office teams Elevate your offering with versatile solutions that enable behind-the-scenes teams to do their best work. Experience-enhancing devices for customer-facing staff Create a more engaging environment for both teams and customers with intuitive, user-friendly devices. Embrace smart capabilities to transform customer experiences Innovation is supporting smarter shopping and more secure payments—plus service with a smile. Discover how choosing ASUS as your technology partner helps future-proof your business. 82% Consumers perceive personalized experiences as the most desirable luxury1. 87% Retailers see connected technologies in stores as critical to success2. 24% Cyberattacks are levied against retailers due to their access to payment information3. Transform customer and employee experiences Post-pandemic, winning back customer footfall in brick and mortar retail stores and hospitality venues is crucial. Plus, an industry skills shortage makes attracting and retaining talent another key challenge. Transform your experiential offering to meet customer expectations with feature-rich ASUS technology that intrigues and delights. Meanwhile, help your team feel empowered with intuitive devices and dedicated support. Discover our commercial portfolio Embrace smart retail capabilities To recover from the impact of the pandemic and continue to thrive, retail and hospitality brands must embrace the latest innovations. Set your business apart from the competition by updating POS systems and digital signage with smart solutions from ASUS that utilize IoT for enhanced shopping experiences and up-to-the-minute ASUS devices that effortlessly integrate with back-end systems. Learn more about ASUS IoT smart retail solution Create safer spaces in-person and online With many customers nervous about returning to in-person experiences, alongside rising data-privacy concerns, shoppers expect brands to work harder to gain their trust. ASUS lets you increase footfall by creating frictionless physical spaces designed to keep everyone safe. Plus, reduce risk and offer greater peace of mind with ASUS technologies to improve data protection online. Explore Face Recognition Dev Kit Connect with ASUS Business We're always there to support Contact sales Resources Video ASUS and Chrome OS for Retail Workers Learn more Video The world’s first AiO with a customer-facing display | ASUS ExpertCenter E5 AiO Series Learn more News ASUS Announces ExpertCenter E1 AiO Learn more Featured Article Back for more: creating engaging retail experiences Shaping a more seamless and connected in-store experience is now paramount to retail success. As the world recovers and physical stores are viable once again, companies must be ready for a new set of customer expectations revolving around better digital experiences and greater personalisation. Back for more: creating engaging retail experiences 1. American Express, 2022 Global Travel Trends Report, 2021. https://www.americanexpress.com/en-us/travel/discover/get-inspired/global-travel-trends 2. Azure, IoT Signals retail report: IoT’s promise for retail will be unlocked addressing security, privacy and compliance, 2020. https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/iot-signals-retail-report-iot-s-promise-for-retail-will-be-unlocked-addressing-security-privacy-and-compliance/ 3. Fortinet, Retail Cybersecurity Statistics Not To Be Ignored. https://www.fortinet.com/solutions/industries/retail/retail-cybersecurity-statistics / Solution / Retail & Hospitality ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages