ProArt Creator Hub Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand ProArt Creator Hub Open side navigationClose side navigation Dashboard Color Management Color Control WorkSmart Performance Optimization ProArt Creator Hub Power up your imagination Harness your creative potential with the ProArt Creator Hub app. The app provides a unified experience across all your connected ProArt or ASUS creator devices1 so you can easily personalize setting, calibrate colors, monitor performance, and optimize your workflows. It also features Color Management to help you intelligently access color information, create your own color palette, and explore color trends so you can express your wild creativity. Watch the ProArt Creator Hub tutorial video Awards Dashboard A quick glance at the dashboard gives you an overview of all your connected ProArt or ASUS creator devices1. Keep track of system parameters, including processor load, memory usage, or fan status. With heat dissipation so crucial to unleashing your creator PC’s full performance, ProArt Creator Hub includes four Fan Profile settings2 that are tailored to suit different scenarios. Use Full Speed mode when rendering heavy graphics for extreme efficiency, or switch to Whisper mode for distraction-free silence. Color Management One of the most important things for creators is color. At the top right corner is easy access to the Color Management feature. This includes the Screen Color Picker and Image Color Extractor that make it simple to get a detailed color analysis and color information, and you can use the Color Palette to build your personal color preferences. You will also find color trends and color palettes created by the professionals at the ASUS Design Center. Image Color Extractor My Color Palette Explore Colors Use the Image Color Extractor for comprehensive image color analysis. Simply open an image from your computer, adjust anchor points on the image, and obtain detailed color data through Color Analysis. You can save or print swatches for future reference once your analysis is complete. With My Color Palette, you can craft your unique color palette effortlessly. The Screen Color Picker lets you select any hue from your screen or image, and store it in your personalized palette. Color data management is streamlined, so you can effortlessly replicate and apply chosen colors across different projects. After completing your analysis, you can save or print your color palette for real-life color visualization. Explore a variety of color options with ASUS Color Trend and ASUS Palette. Crafted by the ASUS Design Center, ASUS Color Trend provides a central color along with complementary shades for a cohesive theme, so you can integrate your chosen color into your projects seamlessly. ASUS Palette offers over 20 pre-saved color palettes that can be directly copied to My Color Palette for easy incorporation into your own projects. Color Control Color Control is your gateway to the color calibration feature. It’s designed to enhance your creative process, allowing you to precisely calibrate the color rendering of your ProArt device with customizable settings for brightness, color gamut, color accuracy, color temperature, and gamma, ensuring optimal and accurate visual output. Learn more about ProArt Display Software WorkSmart The WorkSmart feature lets you assign up to four apps to a task group and pin it on the desktop; then you can simply click on a designated task group to open assigned apps simultaneously. Performance Optimization Easily manage your PC’s resources and boost performance in an instant with ProArt Creator Hub’s Performance Optimization features! These handy tools include Resource Monitor, App Power Priority, and Clean Files. Resource Monitor lets you manage all currently running processes on your device, while App Power Priority prioritizes power usage for your key applications. Clean Files helps you find and delete unwanted files on your PC for optimum performance. Resource Monitor App Power Priority Clean Files Resource Monitor is a new monitoring feature in the Creator Hub app. The applications and background processes are all well-categorized so you can easily check current memory usage and free-up memory. The App Power Priority module can let you assign system resources to the most important apps. Select your most frequently used apps and prioritize them to allocate processing performance accordingly. The Clean Files function includes Disk Cleanup and File Manager so you can manage and find local files easily. Use Disk Cleanup to find idle files to delete, while File Manager helps you search for files by size so you can free up storage. ProArt Creator Hub for ProArtists ProArt Creator Hub is a control hub for our creator products, allowing you to tune the settings of your creator PCs, motherboards, external monitors and more. Customize your creative workflow today! Functionality may vary by product, and partner-supported features are subject to periodic adjustments. Please check with your local ASUS retailer for details. Fan Profile settings included are tailored for the performance and needs of each product, and may vary by model. Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy