Healthcare IT Solution｜Business Solutions｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Modernize Patient Care IT solutions for healthcare Overview Opportunities Products Resources Article Future-facing technology for next-generation healthcare Equip frontline staff and back-office workers with digital tools from ASUS that provide the best patient experience and ensure data security. Future-facing solutions for IT teams Lead the way in healthcare innovation with smart solutions and steadfast security that enables seamless digitization. Productivity-boosting hardware for back-office staff Increase productivity with advanced technology that works as fast as you do, plus dedicated support as standard. User-friendly devices for healthcare workers Elevate care and alleviate stress with durable, intuitive devices that make frontline tasks quicker and easier. Empower healthcare worker and elevate patient experience Patient satisfaction and clinician skills' development are making advances, thanks to innovation. Discover how choosing ASUS as your technology partner can future-proof your healthcare service. $200K Financial loss for healthcare due to patients' dissatisfaction in the US1. 80% Healthcare providers plan to increase investment in technology to provide digital-first care2. 62% Clinicians are interested in working with AI and machine-learning tools3. Elevate patient experiences and outcomes Population health is a greater focus than ever, yet outdated technology is impeding progress and damaging confidence in healthcare systems. Improve the overall quality of care with smart digital tools from ASUS that enable a seamless healthcare experience for patients both inside and outside hospital walls. Learn more about ASUS Antibacterial Guard Learn more about ASUS ExpertBook Quality Test Empower healthcare workers Legacy hardware makes it difficult for staff in the healthcare industry to work effectively or keep up with advances like telehealth, causing poor user experience and frustration. Equip teams with user-friendly ASUS devices that boost patient engagement and are built to last. These devices not only enhance patient care but also ensure that healthcare staff can leverage the latest IT solutions for Healthcare to improve their workflow and productivity. Plus, ongoing ASUS support increases user confidence and productivity. Discover our commercial portfolio Enhance safety and efficiency Capture and analysis of quality, real-time healthcare data is critical in improving future health outcomes, but paper-based processes are slowing progress and leading to confidentiality breaches. ASUS provides teams with IT solutions for healthcare that digitize data recording, storing and sharing processes to create electronic health records that are more efficient and secure. So you can gain insights to predict risk and provide more sophisticated levels of care. Learn more about ASUS IoT Smart Healthcare solution Learn more about AI-driven healthcare solution Resources Video ASUS and Chrome OS for Healthcare Workers Learn more Video ExpertBook B3 Detachable (B3000) - Utmost versatility with detachable design Learn more Video ExpertBook B7 Flip - Work Unbounded, with 5G Connectivity Learn more Featured Article It’s critical: How digital tools can drive reliable healthcare The shape of healthcare is changing. According to McKinsey, consumers are increasingly taking their health into their own hands, turning to digital tools to book their own appointments, get necessary prescriptions, and even monitor their own health between visits to the doctor. It’s critical: How digital tools can drive reliable healthcare 1.NIH, Patient Satisfaction, 2010. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3047732/#:~:text=Patient%20satisfaction%20is%20an%20important,delivery%20of%20quality%20health%20care. 2. HIMSS, Future of Healthcare Report: Exploring Healthcare Stakeholders’ Expectations for the Next Chapter, 2021. https://www.himss.org/resources/future-healthcare-report-exploring-healthcare-stakeholders-expectations-next-chapter 3. HIMSS, Future of Healthcare Report: Exploring Healthcare Stakeholders’ Expectations for the Next Chapter, 2021. https://www.himss.org/resources/future-healthcare-report-exploring-healthcare-stakeholders-expectations-next-chapter / Solution / Healthcare ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages