ProArt Display 5K PA27JCV｜Monitors｜ASUS Canada Business Gaming Special Offers Shop Mobile / Handhelds Laptops Displays / Desktops Motherboards / Components Networking / IoT Accessories Support Support ASUS Premium Care ASUS Repair Services Commercial Support Drivers & Manuals Check Repair Status MyASUS ZenTalk Register My Account Business Gaming ROG - Republic of Gamers TUF Gaming Powered by ASUS ROG Elite Rewards ROG Arena Special Offers Support Register ProArt Display PA27JCV Overview Tech Specs Review Support ProArt Display PA27JCV Where to buy ASUS ProArt Display 5K PA27JCV Professional Monitor – 27-inch, IPS, 5K (5120 x 2880), 99% DCI-P3, LuxPixel™ AGLR, Light Sync, Color Accuracy ΔE < 2, Calman Verified, USB-C PD 96W, VESA DisplayHDR 500 and VESA MediaSync, Auto KVM, Ergonomic Stand, Green Sustainability 27-inch 5K (5120 x 2880) LuxPixel™ AGLR display with IPS 178° wide viewing angle panel International color standard 99% DCI-P3 and 100% sRGB wide color gamut Calman Verified with factory calibrated for excellent Delta E < 2 color accuracy Extensive connectivity including DisplayPort over USB-C with 96W Power Delivery, DisplayPort, HDMI and USB hub Light Sync solution support Ambient Light Sensor and Backlight Sensor for reliable color performance from the start Built-in Auto KVM allows for effortless switching between two connected laptops or PCs with a single keyboard and mouse Ergonomic design with tilt, swivel, pivot and height adjustments for a comfortable viewing experience Green Sustainability: paper packaging and energy-efficient environmental standards Compare Display PA27JCV REDEFINING YOUR 5K DREAM ProArt Display PA27JCV is a 27-inch 5K HDR monitor designed for professional content creators. This Calman Verified display boasts a wide gamut with 99% DCI-P3, 100% sRGB and 95% Adobe RGB coverage, and it’s factory calibrated to Delta E<2 for exceptional color accuracy. Built-in Auto KVM allows for convenient, effortless switching between two connected laptops or PCs using a single keyboard and mouse. To ensure brightness and color temperature accuracy, ambient light and backlight sensors automatically adjust visual settings. Plus, a USB-C® port offers DisplayPort™ support and enables superfast data transfers and 96-watt power delivery via a single cable. 27-inch IPS 218 PPI 99% DCI-P3 95% Adobe RGB USB-C Data and video signal transmission, plus 96-watt power delivery LuxPixel™ Technology Light Sync Solutions Ambient Light Sensor Backlight Sensor Auto KVM ΔE<2 Color Accuracy Ergonomic stand Tilt, swivel, pivot, and height adjustment TÜV Eye Care Flicker-free and ultra-low blue light technologies Watch Now Empowering Content Creators Filmmakers & Video Editors Ultrahigh resolution and wide color gamut for HDR video production. Colorists Factory calibrated to Delta E < 2 color accuracy for industry-leading color fidelity. Designers & Photographers Truly precise color reproduction with extra screen space, you can work more easily and bring out the details with less scrolling and zooming. AI Artists Future-proof compatibility and seamless adaptability to new devices and software. 5K Exceptional 5K HDR Visuals The 5K HDR (5120 x 2880) panel of PA27JCV boasts a pixel density of 218 ppi ― more than 2.5 times that of a 27-inch FHD display. The high pixel density means text is sharp and easy to read, while enhanced visual clarity offers significant advantages for creators engaged in detailed projects. HDR10 and VESA DisplayHDR™ 500 compatibility ensure the brightest whites and darkest black hues for exceptional contrast that results in rich, lifelike imagery ― all to help artists fully realize their creative visions. 5K HDR 218 High-PPI An Expansive Workspace PA27JCV provides 77% more workspace than a 4K monitor of the same size. The larger canvas allows creators to effortlessly navigate through creative content. 77% more Workspace Unleash Creativity with AI Unleash Creativity with AI The rise of generative AI enables creators to spark inspiration more quickly, bringing infinite creative possibilities to professional creators. The wide color gamut, high resolution, and professional color accuracy of ProArt Displays provide the best visual experience, enjoy a smooth creative experience, and speed up the overall workflow. Turn Imagination into Reality Fast (Photoshop) Discover the power of generative AI with tools for Text to Image and Generative Fill. Simplify the creative process, effortlessly create, adjust, and enhance visuals. Seamless Perfection, Quick Video Edits (Premiere Pro) Generative AI tools streamline complex tasks and boost editing speed. Use features like Object Add/Remove and Generative Extend for quick, precise adjustments. Bring Your World into 3D (Substance 3D Sampler & Stager) Image-to-Texture transforms generative AI for 3D artists, allowing fast creation of photorealistic textures from image. It enhances creativity while integrating smoothly into workflows. Enjoy True-to-Life Color PA27JCV boasts 99% DCI-P3 , 100% sRGB and 95% Adobe RGB color coverage. In addition, 10-bit color depth enables it to showcase more than 1.07 billion onscreen colors, bringing out the finest details in photos. 99% DCI-P3 95% Adobe RGB True Color, Out of the Box Color professionals rely on color-accurate displays to ensure that their creations look exactly as intended. Each ProArt display is individually-calibrated in the factory to achieve Calman verified and ΔE <2 color accuracy. ΔE <2 Precise, Clear Imagery with LuxPixel™ LuxPixel™ technology is an anti-glare, low-reflection (AGLR) coating that provides a paper-like screen effect. Unlike traditional matte panels which often show softer images, LuxPixel™ technology minimizes reflections to ensure the user only sees accurate colors and sharp details. A side-by-side comparison of two computer monitors, one with, one without LuxPixel coating. With Without Photorealistic Colors ProArt monitor is equipped with ASUS Light Sync technology, featuring two sensors designed to ensure remarkable color accuracy and precise color temperature, right on startup. Backlight sensor Ambient Light Sensor Backlight sensor A backlight sensor automatically detects backlight brightness to compensate for deviations at startup, eliminating warm-up time and ensuring accurate color performance, so you can dive straight in to work. Two monitors side-by-side: one with, one without backlight sensor, demonstrating color accuracy difference. With Without Ambient Light Sensor An ambient light sensor automatically adjusts display brightness and color temperature based on changes in environmental lighting, ensuring true colors every time. Two monitors side-by-side: one with, one without ambient light sensor, demonstrating color accuracy difference. With Without DESIGN Exquisite Design Compared to its predecessor, ProArt Display PA27JCV has a space-saving base that’s 33% smaller, as well as a 30% slimmer profile that measures just 8 mm at its thinnest point. Like its contemporaries in the ProArt Display family, PA27JCV feels right at home in a studio or in any living space, with an understated elegance that is a nod to exquisite craftsmanship and uncompromising attention to detail. 30% thinner profile* Slim, frameless design 33% smaller* stand Compact, space-saving stand *Compared to a ProArt display of the same size Front button 5-way navigator Seamless Multitasking Across Two Devices Built-in Auto KVM allows for effortless switching and control between two connected laptops or PCs with a single keyboard and mouse, enabling easier multitasking. A desktop setup with a monitor, keyboard, mouse, and two connected PC and laptops. Auto KVM The USB-C® That Does it All The included USB-C® port enables superfast data transfers, DisplayPort connectivity, and 96-watt power delivery to charge laptops and other devices―all via a single cable. PA27JCV also serves as a USB hub: any device connected to the monitor’s USB ports gains access to other connected peripherals. A diagram showing the capabilities of a USB-C connection. An image of a laptop connected to a monitor via a USB-C cable illustrates these functions. Power Supply Display Signal Data Transfer Audio Expansive Connectivity In addition to USB-C, ProArt display offers a myriad of connectivity options including HDMI®, DisplayPort™, USB Type-A, and additional USB-C downstream port for compatibility with a wide range of devices. PA27JCV also includes a passthrough port for headphones. HDMI 2.1 DisplayPort1.4 (In) USB-C USB Hub Earphone Jack Connect to your devices easily A built-in USB 3.2 hub along the bottom bezel of PA27JCV includes one USB Type-A port and USB-C®, allowing for easy connections to a variety of devices and peripherals, as well as charge compatible devices.* *Please check your device power-consumption requirements to ensure they match the USB Power Deliver capabilities of the monitor. USB 3.2 Hub Easy to access Ergonomic Stand Each ProArt display features an ergonomic stand with tilt, swivel, pivot, and height adjustments for comfortable viewing. The ability to pivot the screen clockwise or counterclockwise 90° for use in Portrait mode comes in handy when working with long documents, coding or web browsing. Furthermore, the quick-release feature makes it easy to attach the display via the integrated VESA wall mount―screw-free, so it's done in seconds! 01. Height Adjustment 0~130 mm 02. Tilt -5°~+23° 03. Swivel -30°~+30° 04. Pivot -90°~+90° Sustaining an Incredible Future Environmental Certification* ProArt Display PA27JCV is stringently tested to meet the requirements of world-leading sustainability certifications. These tests include a comprehensive database of up-to-date criteria, independent verification, and a structured system for continuous improvement. Eco-friendly Packaging ProArt Displays are shipped in packaging made from 100% recycled cardboard with FSC Mix. The packaging has been designed to minimize weight and volume, helping to conserve natural resources and allowing more devices to be transported in a single shipping container. Reusable Packaging The cardboard box can be cut into a smaller box to pack small items on your desk, such as cables, adapters, or other accessories. It also includes a foldable phone stand. This is a great way to reduce waste, save money on packaging materials, and create added benefits. Energy-Efficient Features ProArt Display PA27JCV has a power-saving Eco-mode, and achieve zero-watt power consumption with hard-switch off. *EPEAT registered where applicable. EPEAT registration varies by country. See www.epeat.net for registration status by country. Free 3 Months of Adobe Creative Cloud Get complimentary membership with the purchase of selected ASUS products.* (Up to a $397.44 value) By purchasing ASUS ProArt Display series, customers are entitled to receive a free three-month trial of Adobe® Creative Cloud® to experience the latest AI-powered applications – providing an enhanced visual experience with ProArt Display's professional color accuracy. This allows creators to inspire creativity and enjoy a smooth and exciting creative experience. Learn More Adobe Creative Cloud All Apps 20+ more The Creative Cloud All Apps is a subscription plan that includes more than 20 creative apps, including Photoshop, Premiere Pro, Illustrator, InDesign, Audition, XD, and After Effects. You also get Adobe Fonts, thousands of free assets in Adobe Stock, templates, 100 GB of cloud storage, and more. Adobe Acrobat Standard DC Acrobat Standard DC includes everything in Acrobat Standard, plus advanced PDF features and e-signature features, such as turning scanned documents into editable, searchable PDFs, comparing PDFs to review differences and so on. Adobe Substance 3D Adobe Substance 3D applications give users access to a collection of tools and content to create, capture, and texture 3D assets, as well as compose and render 3D scenes. (0) (0) Displays / Desktops Monitors ProArt - Creator ProArt Display 5K PA27JCV Shop and Learn Mobile / Handhelds Accessories Gaming Handhelds Laptops For Home For Work For Creators For Students For Gaming Software Technology / Innovations AI PC Copilot+ PC Warranty Displays / Desktops Monitors Projectors All-in-One PCs Tower PCs Gaming Tower PCs NUCs Mini PCs Workstations Software Warranty Motherboards / Components Motherboards Single Board Computer Gaming Case Cooling Graphics Cards Power Supply Units Sound Cards Optical Drives Data Storage Networking / IoT WiFi 7 WiFi 6 WiFi Routers Whole Home Mesh WiFi System Range Extenders Wireless & Wired Adapters AIoT & Industrial Solution Business WiFi Solutions Servers Accessories Keyboards Mice and Mouse Pads Headsets and Audio Streaming Kit Apparel, Bags and Gear Adapters and Chargers Docks, Dongles and Cable Stylus Controller Canada / English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy