StoryCube - One-Stop AI Media Hub Profession Creative, Media & Entertainment Architecture, Engineering & Construction Product Design & Manufacturing Products Laptops Desktops Displays Motherboards Graphics Cards Cases AIO Coolers Software & Solutions ProArt Creator Hub ASUS Dial & Control Panel StoryCube MuseTree Omniverse for Creators Omniverse for Enterprise What Pros Say About ProArt Brand StoryCube One-Stop AI Media Hub StoryCube is an intelligent digital-asset management app designed to provide you with a seamless and efficient file organizing experience. Easily collect photos, videos, and audio from various devices and cloud platforms, and organize and categorize them according to your preferences. AI helps you effortlessly identify different people or scenes automatically. Whether you’re capturing or documenting daily moments, StoryCube offers convenience wherever you are. Cherish all the life stories and memorable moments worth recording, and dive into your next creative journey. Download * Only applicable to ASUS system computers running Windows 11 or higher. Watch the StoryCube tutorial video Why StoryCube? Why StoryCube? Why StoryCube? StoryCube is the best way to quickly consolidate and organize a big, unorganized collection of files. It helps you to efficiently, rapidly, and intelligently complete your creative tasks. All sources Seamlessly integrates media files across the cloud and your devices. Story Find in seconds Quickly access files by location, timeline, or customized tag search. One-click sorting Automatically categorize people and scenes with AI, saving time1. Cube All sources Seamlessly integrates media files across the cloud and your devices. Story Find in seconds Quickly access files by location, timeline, or customized tag search. One-click sorting Automatically categorize people and scenes with AI, saving time1. Cube Files in, stories out StoryCube acts as a one-stop file-management assistant, ideal for life documentation or creative projects. Import digital assets from diverse sources like professional cameras, action cameras, drones, smartphones, and cloud spaces.2 Once organized, you can easily export to creative software or share on social platforms. From devices From storage space To creative apps To social media Smart auto-categorization AI Album helps with automatic face recognition and scene categorization, and can even auto-generate highlight reels. People Detect images of your loved ones Scene Categorize by scenes and themes, automatically Memories Generate highlight videos and memory reels View assets by locations & dates Effortlessly browse to find all your photos, videos, and audio, sorted automatically by location, time, or device. Grid View View your files in grids Map View View your files by location in a map Timeline View View your files by dates and devices in a timeline Sort and search your stories, faster Set custom tags, marks, or rename files for better sorting and grouping, making it easier to locate them. Custom Tag Tag your media files to search them faster Favorite Mark your favorite files Rename Change or add information to your files Compress Reduce the size of your files for faster transfers Easier photo & videos edits, instantly Easily adjust parameters and crop ratios for your photos, quickly trim your raw footage firsthand. Trim Trim and cut your footage Crop Change the size and ratio of your photos Adjustment Adjust contrast and colors on your photos Speed Adjust the playing speed of your videos The computation time of AI may vary by models and current status. Please refer to StoryCube's Privacy notice at https://www.asus.com/content/storycube-privacynotice/ hidden Close hidden Canada/English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy