Financial Service IT Solution｜Business Solutions｜ASUS Canada About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages Products Laptops Desktops NUCs Monitors Projector Motherboard Graphics Card AIoT & Industrial Networking Cases & Optical Drives Accessories Solutions By industries Small & Medium Business Enterprise Education Retail & Hospitality Healthcare Manufacturing Architecture, Engineering & Construction Media & Entertainment Finance Government Services DEPLOYMENT Zero-touch deployment Simplified installation Easy configuration MANAGEMENT Security management Centralized management Driver management SUPPORT ASUS Business Support Plus ASUS Business Support SUSTAINABILITY ASUS Carbon Partner Services Resources Blog Case Studies News Resource Center Partners Services & Support Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages ASUS Premium Care For Consumer About Us Contact Us Become a Reseller Contact Us Deal Registration Driver Packages For Consumer Stay Secure to Stay Ahead IT solutions for finance Overview Opportunities Products Resources Lead the way with security that lets you make anywhere your office ASUS brings you technology and solutions designed especially for remote working. So you know your data is safe, wherever your team might be. Future-ready technology for CIOs Build resilience and support digital transformation with emerging technologies that offer speed, flexibility and scale. Secure solutions for compliance teams Protect your business and ensure financial technology meets compliance requirements with the latest security features. Sleek, convenient devices for salespeople Discover a more engaging way to provide customer service with powerful, lightweight devices offering impressive battery-life. Combat security threats in the face of flexible working Your people and data both need protecting so you can fulfill their potential in finance. Discover how choosing ASUS as your technology partner protects your business in the new world of work. 69% Financial firms expect workers to telecommute at least once a week1. 1318% Increase in cyber security attacks dramatically across the banking industry in 20212. 73% Finance companies are looking to invest in new technology to improve customer acquisition3. Support employee mobility With remote and hybrid working now the norm in the financial services industry and face-to-face client meetings making a comeback, outdated technology causes frustration and impacts productivity. ASUS offers IT solutions, including laptops for finance that support new ways of working with built-in features that offer a better employee experience both in and out of the office. Plus, simplify your financial systems and increase productivity with cloud compatibility. Learn more about MyASUS Protect your organization Thanks to the rise of open banking and increasing number of cybersecurity risks, financial services companies that don’t sufficiently protect data are under unwanted scrutiny. ASUS helps you reduce risk, improve compliance, and offer peace of mind for your customers and teams with robust hardware and software security solutions that keep financial data safe, even when working remotely. Learn more about the IT management software to enhance security Stay ahead of the competition Because you never know what’s coming next, enduring financial institutions must present a sleeker, more modern way of showcasing their products and services. Future-proof your business with high-performance ASUS devices that empower a digital-first approach and create better customer experiences. With ASUS's IT solutions also catering to financial institutions, you can leverage cutting-edge technology to enhance your growth strategy and stay ahead of industry trends. Plus, choosing ASUS as your expert partner helps you discover how technology can contribute to your growth strategy. Discover our commercial portfolio Resources Video ExpertBook B7 Flip - Work Unbounded, with 5G Connectivity Learn more Video ExpertBook B5 series - Power to turn your business world Learn more Report 2022 ASUS Business Tech Trend Report Learn more 1. PwC, Financial services firms look to a future that balances remote and in-office work, 2020. https://www.pwc.com/us/en/industries/financial-services/library/balancing-remote-and-in-office-work.html 2. Banking industry sees 1318% increase in ransomware attacks in 2021. https://www.securitymagazine.com/articles/96128-banking-industry-sees-1318-increase-in-ransomware-attacks-in-2021 3. Open Banking Expo, Banks prioritising investment in APIs, data analytics, 2021. https://www.openbankingexpo.com/news/banks-prioritising-investment-in-apis-data-analytics/#:~:text=The%20research%20revealed%20that%2073,increase%20sales%20to%20existing%20customers / Solution / Finance ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy Canada / English Contact Us Become a Reseller Deal Registration Driver Packages