ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) UX8406｜Laptops For Home｜ASUS Canada Business Gaming Special Offers Shop Mobile / Handhelds Laptops Displays / Desktops Motherboards / Components Networking / IoT Accessories Support Support ASUS Premium Care ASUS Repair Services Commercial Support Drivers & Manuals Check Repair Status MyASUS ZenTalk Register My Account Business Gaming ROG - Republic of Gamers TUF Gaming Powered by ASUS ROG Elite Rewards ROG Arena Special Offers Support Register ASUS Zenbook Duo UX8406 Overview : Intel Core Ultra Series 2 ASUS Lumina OLED Tech Specs Review Support ASUS Zenbook Duo UX8406 Where to buy Open side navigationClose side navigation Mobility Versatility Intuitive Design Display Performance Connectivity ASUS Zenbook DUO Let’s DUO it ASUS Zenbook DUO is a revolutionary dual-screen laptop, with two full-size OLED touchscreens1, detachable full-size keyboard and built-in kickstand, — expertly combining multitasking versatility with superb mobility. With dual 14-inch 3K OLED 120 Hz displays, you can instantly expand your workspace to up to 19.8 inches. Outstanding performance is assured with up to an AI-powered Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 processor (Series 2) and 32 GB LPDDR5x memory, plus up to a 2 TB PCIe® 4.0 SSD. Paired with dedicated smart software, intuitive gesture control and an enhanced-lifespan 75 Wh battery, the easy-to-use Zenbook DUO maximizes productivity, with zero fuss. Come on — Let’s DUO it. ASUS No.1 OLED: GFK and NPD combined retail data in 2021 Q4~2023 Q3, worldwide market. Portable DUO! Dual 14” full-size 3K OLED touchscreens Windows 11 Home Versatile modes Laptop Mode Dual Screen Mode Dual Screen Mode Desktop Mode Sharing Mode Intuitive design – just like your smartphone! effective gestures and smart software Detachable full-size ErgoSense keyboard and touchpad 4096-pressure-level stylus support. Snap-on magnetic design(Automatic Positioning Magnet) Powered by AI dedicated NPU for AI computing Thin. Light. Powerful. Intel Cora Ultra 9 badge Intel® Evo™ certified laptop Intel Evo badge 75 Wh Full I/O ports Thunderbolt™ 4 x 2, USB 3.2 Type-A x 1, HDMI® 2.1 (TMDS) and audio jack Watch Now ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) Software Video ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) Feature Review Let's DUO it Portable DUO Compact with a big vision Two stunning 14-inch ASUS Lumina OLED touchscreens2 provide up to 19.8 inches of workspace, instantly — all in one incredibly versatile, easily portable device. Easily charge and connect with keyboard Pogo pin connection – power and pair in one click Detachable full-size keyboard Emoji Hotkey Quiet keyboard Anti-fingerprint touchpad Bluetooth connection Learn more Built-in kickstand 40°-70° viewing angle, adjustable height Elegant and stylish sleeve1 Enjoy the optional 12° viewing angle, and space to store your Zenbook DUO and ASUS Pen 2.0. Pencil drawing, on a laptop With the sensitivity of 4096 pressure levels, ASUS Pen 2.03 (optional) allows you to accurately reproduce the finest lines and shading. DESIGN Multi-screen Mobility The perfect laptop for digital nomads Zenbook DUO seamlessly blends the efficiency of a traditional laptop with the versatility of a multi-screen device — while still prioritizing exceptional portability. 14.6 mm thin4 1.35 kg light4,5 VERSATILITY Versatility Redefining productivity The versatile dual-screen design feels like using a desktop on the go, putting a huge workspace in ultraportable form. Dual-screen mode (With Bluetooth keyboard) Double your screen real estate, and reference one screen while working on another. This eliminates the need to constantly switch tabs or windows, reducing interruptions and helping you maintain your focus on the task at hand. Dual-screen mode (With virtual keyboard) The lower screen can be configured as a full-size virtual keyboard. With two screens, you can be more productive and enjoy more immersive entertainment. Sharing mode Easily share content in meetings and presentations business. Just lay Zenbook DUO flat and everyone can view the screens without having to huddle around, fostering better engagement and discussion. Laptop mode Drop the ASUS ErgoSense Bluetooth keyboard and touchpad onto the lower display and enjoy a traditional laptop-style experience, replete with a 14-inch display and tall 16:10 aspect ratio. Desktop mode Perfect for programmers, researchers and writers — and many more besides. Display your productivity apps on one screen while the other shows reference materials, documentation or research sources. INTUITIVE Intuitive Design Smartphone-like gesture control Delightful software features put convenience at your fingertips. VIRTUAL KEYBOARD Tap with six fingers to summon the full-size virtual keyboard and touchpad on the second panel. EASY-ACCESS TOOLS Swipe down with six fingers to access a panel of handy utilities, including handwriting, Quick Key, Control Panel and Number Key. You can also manage these with a two-finger swipe. VIRTUAL TOUCHPAD Tap with three fingers tap to summon the virtual touchpad on the second panel. EASILY EXPAND TO FULL-SCREEN Swipe outward with five fingers to maximize the current window to fill both screens. ASSIGN WINDOWS TO YOUR PREFERRED SCREEN Drag an app onto the App Switcher icon to launch the app, then choose its default screen. DUAL 3K 120 Hz OLED Display DUAL 3K 120 Hz OLED Dual 16:10 14-inch 3K (2880 by 1800) ASUS Lumina OLED touch displays enlarge your outlook, with up to 500 nits brightness, and 91% screen-to-body ratio. Learn more about ASUS Lumina OLED display industry-standard color fidelity high dynamic range low blue light hardware certified low blue light certified More Accurate ASUS Lumina OLED offers industry-standard colors, deep blacks, and exceptional detail. Learn more More Adaptive ASUS Lumina OLED provides customizable visuals, power-saving solution and sharpened playback. More Reliable ASUS Lumina OLED ensures eye protection, burn-in prevention and panel durability. Leading 120 Hz motion clarity More frames per second, so fast-moving visuals are smoother and clearer than ever. Learn more Perfect brightness and color tone! The ambient light color sensor auto-adjusts for changes in the environment brightness and color temperature. Learn more Corning® Gorilla® Glass A display surface that’s six times more durable than ordinary laptop glass. Learn more Performance Powerfully production Zenbook DUO delivers powerful performance and AI Ready features. The blistering fast processor, dedicated NPU and graphics makes tasks easier with nowadays AI enhancement. Its up to 2 TB SSD storage, 32 GB RAM and Wi-Fi 7 allow you explore more. Windows 11 Home Up to Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 (Series 2) processor Build-in Intel® Arc™ graphics Intel® AI Boost NPU Up to 5.4 GHz with total 16 cores Up to 13 TOPS NPU Up to 35 W CPU TDP10 UX8406 with Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 285H 936 UX8406 with Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 185H 730 1.28x faster * 1.28x better performance is based on Cinebench R24 Multi Core benchmark.11 Learn more Thermal Technology Advanced cooling system All these powerful components need to be cooled effectively in order to reach their full potential. Zenbook DUO adds a heat spreader between the motherboard and the OLED panel as part of the advanced cooling system, which allows the CPU and GPU to run at up to a 35 W combined TDP, without throttling! Graphene sheet2 Heat pipes and dual fansHeat spreader Connectivity All the ports you need ASUS Zenbook DUO packs in all the connections you need. The two ultrafast Thunderbolt 4 USB-C ports support fast charging, two 4K 60 Hz or one 8K 60Hz external displays, and up to 40 Gbps data transfers. ALL THE PORTS YOU NEED ALL THE PORTS YOU NEED Audio jackHDMI® 2.1 (TMDS)USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-AThunderbolt™ 4 USB-C®Thunderbolt™ 4 USB-C® d 13+ hours non-stop entertaining 13+ hours non-stop entertaining BATTERY LIFE Battery Long-lasting battery There’s no need to panic if power outlets are in short supply: Zenbook DUO’s long-lasting 75 Wh battery can keep you productive. And when it’s time to charge, there’s no need to slow down — in just 49 minutes you can top it up to a 60% charge level. The redesigned 75 Wh high-capacity battery has an eco-friendly extended lifespan that supports up to 20% more charging cycles than the previous generation. battery capacity Up to 1.2x battery lifespan13 60% in 49 mins Fast-charge technology Learn more Single screen14 Up to 13.5 hrs Video Playback Up to 8.8 hrs PCMark 10 (Modern Office mode) Dual screen14 Up to 10.5 hrs Video Playback Up to 8 hrs PCMark 10 (Modern Office mode) Learn more Wireless Connectivity Better connectivity, and stable transmission ASUS Zenbook DUO is equipped with the latest Wi-Fi 7 for the very best wireless connections — up to 4.8x15 faster than the previous Wi-Fi generation. Your laptop will automatically link to the strongest Wi-Fi signal, and use all the available bandwidth efficiently. And with support for up to three simultaneous Bluetooth® headphone connections on one device, you’ll also experience better communications and more enjoyable entertainment. Up to 5.8 Gbps transfer speed Multi-link Operation technology Multi-RU technology Preamble Puncturing technology Learn more Smart Conferencing ASUS AI Camera and AI Noise Cancelation Take back control of your meetings with our innovative camera system and ASUS AI Noise-Canceling Technology, with new algorithms to make your conference calls even more productive. Best online meeting experience The ASUS AI camera makes sure that you always look your best during virtual conferences. Learn more Hear and be heard clearly Two-Way AI Noise Cancelation leverages a massive deep-learning database to reduce background noise for microphone and audio. Learn more AI noise cancelation, pressed, off Security Your privacy, our priority Stay secure with the camera privacy shield and fast, password-free face login. Unlock, instantly Windows Hello Infrared (IR) camera allows you to unlock your laptop quickly and securely. Great SOUND Audio Great audio experience Enjoy enhanced listening experiences with a smart amplifier and ASUS Audio Booster. Environment Sustaining an Incredible Future We always search for the incredible, and we believe that you, too, share our passion for minimizing our environmental impact on the world. Our serious commitment to environment, social, and governance (ESG) issues aims to empower you and everyone else we work with to push forward for a more sustainable future. Let’s become sustainable — together. Learn more about our sustainability actions Military Grade US Military-Grade Laptop Durability ASUS consumer laptops meet the ultra-demanding MIL-STD 810H military standard16 for reliability and durability, undergoing a punishing test regime that includes extended tests for operation in harsh environments. These factors also help improve the laptops’ longevity and hence their sustainability, so you can work, travel or relax with the confidence that your ASUS laptop is ready for the real world — today, and long into the future. Learn more about each laptop quality test results High Temperature Test Low Temperature Test Shock Test Vibration Test Altitude Test Related articles Versatility Has a New Name — the Brand-New Zenbook DUO Learn more Who Needs a Dual-Screen Laptop Like the New Zenbook DUO? Learn more DUO to the Max- Tips and Tricks for ASUS Zenbook DUO Users Learn more The model shown is for reference purposes only. Actual models may differ. Product and accessories specifications may differ from country to country. We recommend that you check with your local dealers for the specifications of the products available in your country.↑ The visual appearance of OLED displays may change over the product’s lifetime. This is expected behavior that can include image persistence or burn-in, where the display shows a faint remnant of an image even after a new image appears on the screen. This tends to occur only in extreme use cases, such as when a static, high-contrast image is continuously displayed for prolonged periods of time. ASUS laptops with an OLED display minimize this risk by setting Windows’s Dark mode as default, as well as shortening the idle time before the screen is turned off — both on mains (AC) and battery (DC) power. This dual approach minimizes the potential for burn-in to maximize the lifespan of your OLED display lifespan, and also reduces unnecessary power draw for optimal battery life. We also recommended adjust the brightness of your OLED display to complement the ambient lighting in your environment, rather than keeping the screen at maximum brightness at all times. You should also ensure that you have an animated, dark-background screensaver enabled in the Windows Settings tool.↑ The availability and warranty for bundled accessories/stylus vary according to country and territory. Please check with your local ASUS retailer for details.↑ Without keyboard.↑ Weight might vary by specifications.↑ Average tested result in MyASUS Splendid Display P3 and sRGB color gamut: Delta E < 1, +/- 0.5, and may vary by specification. Please note that the actual performance also may vary under different test procedures, equipment and patterns.↑ Compared to average LCD displays in the market, measuring energy emission of blue light in between 415-455 nm wavelength.↑ To further maximize the protection of your OLED laptop, ASUS has included OLED Care settings such as pixel refresh and pixel shifting, which are turned on by default. It’s important to note that if any burn-in issues do occur within the warranty period, which might vary by countries, ASUS offers a free exchange service for the affected OLED laptop as long as the user did not manually turn off the OLED Care functions.↑ Testing done on discrete parts, using soda-lime glass as comparative reference. Figures and tests provided by Corning.↑ The figures are based on theoretical performance. Actual performance may vary in real-world situations.↑ Performance claim is based on the Cinebench R24 Multi Core benchmark, comparing the score of Zenbook DUO UX8406CA tested by ASUS in December 2024 (configured with Intel® Core Ultra 9 285H, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD) and Zenbook DUO UX8406MA (with an Intel® Core Ultra 9 185H processor, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, and a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD). Test settings: select Performance mode under Fan profile in MyASUS, and idle the laptop for 10mins prior to running the benchmark under AC mode. It’s important to note that results may vary based on different specifications and testing environments. ↑ Performance claim is based on the 3DMark Time Spy overall score, comparing the score of Zenbook DUO UX8406CA tested by ASUS in December 2024 (configured with Intel® Core Ultra 9 285H, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD) and Zenbook DUO UX8406MA (with an Intel® Core Ultra 9 185H processor, 32 GB LPDDR5x RAM, and a 2 TB PCIe 4.0 x4 SSD). Test settings: select Performance mode under Fan profile in MyASUS, and idle the laptop for 10mins prior to running the benchmark under AC mode. It’s important to note that results may vary based on different specifications and testing environments. Note: Can be customized by models.↑ This data is derived from ASUS laboratory testing, which involves simulating daily charging frequency as the testing standard. The actual lifespan of the battery may differ depending on factors such as product configuration, usage patterns, operational conditions, and power management settings. Over time, the battery’s longevity will naturally decrease. For more comprehensive information, please refer to the provided link.↑ Battery tests conducted by ASUS on December 13, 2023 using the 1080p Video Playback scenario and PC MARK10. Test configuration: Zenbook UX8406MA, OLED panel, Intel® Core™ Ultra 9-185H processor, 2 TB SSD, 32 GB RAM. Test settings: WiFi enabled but disconnected (not connected to any access point), Windows Power Plan set to Balanced, display brightness set to 150 cd/m2. Actual battery life may vary depending on product configuration, usage, operational conditions and power management settings. Battery life will decrease over the lifetime of the battery. The Multi-Link Operation function, which allows the laptop to switch to the strongest Wi-Fi signal automatically, only works when the router is also Wi-Fi 7 compatible.↑ The testing regime includes the requirements of both military-grade standards and ASUS quality tests, and varies depending on device. MIL-STD-810 testing is conducted on selected ASUS products only. Note that the MIL-STD-810 testing helps to ensure the quality of ASUS products but does not indicate a particular fitness for military use. The test is performed under laboratory conditions. Any damage caused by attempts to replicate these test conditions would be considered accidental, and would not be covered by the standard ASUS warranty. Additional coverage is available with ASUS Premium Care.↑ The testing regime includes the requirements of both military-grade standards and ASUS quality tests, and varies depending on device. MIL-STD-810 testing is conducted on selected ASUS products only. Note that the MIL-STD-810 testing helps to ensure the quality of ASUS products but does not indicate a particular fitness for military use. The test is performed under laboratory conditions. Any damage caused by attempts to replicate these test conditions would be considered accidental, and would not be covered by the standard ASUS warranty. Additional coverage is available with ASUS Premium Care. hidden Graphics excellence The Intel® Arc™ discrete GPU, featuring built-in graphics acceleration and ray tracing hardware, seamlessly complements everyday laptops like the ASUS Zenbook DUO. It empowers laptops with the ability to deliver a quantum leap in performance in games, providing immersive visuals, high performance, and robust content creation capabilities. * Result may vary based on different workloads and configurations. Build-in Intel® Arc™ graphics UX8406 featuring Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 285H with Intel® Arc™ 4,147 UX8406 featuring Intel® Core™ Ultra 9 185H with Intel® Arc™ 3,774 1.1x faster * 1.1x better performance is based on 3DMark Time Spy graphic score.12 ASUS ErgoSense keyboard, comfortable typing experience Your comfort is our highest priority. That’s why the ASUS ErgoSense keyboard has an incredibly satisfying feel, with the optimum key bounce and travel calculated with fine-tuned precision. Experience the ErgoSense keyboard and you’ll soon find yourself cruising effortlessly through your work. Full-size key pitch 19.05 mm The full-size 19.05 mm key pitch is the same as a desktop keyboard, so you can whizz through your work with superb typing comfort and accuracy. Dished key caps 0.3 mm The 0.3 mm key-cap dish is designed to match the shape of your fingertips so your fingers are gently guided to the ideal contact point with the keys. Long key travel 1.4 mm The long 1.4 mm key travel lets you type without having to use too much force. And the special ASUS-designed rubber dome guarantees your click force is met with just the right tactile bump you need for a nice grip. Quiet operation The new ErgoSense quiet keyboard uses an optimized scissor-key mechanism that minimizes noise and resonance, benefiting both your personal space and those around you. Optimal click ratio: Engineered to perfection The feel of a keyboard depends on the crucial ratio between the peak force (also known as the actuation force) and the contact force. Peak force occurs when you press down on the key and reach the maximum force that the key’s underlying rubber dome can withstand without deflecting. Contact force occurs when the bottom of the key touches the circuit board to trigger an electronic signal, which in turn generates the action appropriate to the key. To achieve the most natural feel for a keyboard, ASUS keyboard experts have scientifically determined that the optimal ergonomic click ratio for a key is between 45-60%. These forces are precisely measured and tuned using the ASUS-designed rubber domes beneath the keys. Optimal click ratio: Engineered to perfection Enlarge ergonomic touchpad The latest ASUS ErgoSense touchpad is engineered to enable an unrivaled input experience that’s in harmony with how you move, feel and scroll.17 Smart Gesture 5 seconds Smooth touchpad with large Size System brightness. System volume. Video playback, enabling forward or backward movement. Scroll to access ScreenXpert Control Center* Ultra-smooth touchpad The hydrophobic coating applied to the ErgoSense touchpad has a high water-contact angle. This means the nanotech-like surface provides smoother feedback for every scrolling movement. It’s like touching silk! Anti-fingerprint touchpad We apply a high-end PVD anti-fingerprint coating that ensures excellent resistance to wear and tear. This coating also makes the surface really easy to clean. And even after more than 6,000 slides, the touchpad will still be as smooth as new. Enhanced click depth To further enhance your efficiency and creativity, the ErgoSense touchpad of ASUS Zenbook DUO has a longer 0.23 mm click depth that’s optimal for a great feel with natural feedback. It also helps to dramatically cut down on unintended activations. Multitouch gestures The ErgoSense touchpad supports multitouch gestures in Windows, so you can use three- or four-finger shortcuts to launch frequently-used applications or functions. Three-finger gestures: Switch between apps Show all open windows Swipe up with three fingers on the touchpad Show the desktop Swipe down with three fingers on the touchpad Switch between open apps or windows Swipe left or right with three fingers on the touchpad Four-finger gestures: Switch between desktops Swipe left or right with four fingers on the screen Always look your best For the best video-call experience, the ASUS AI camera with Windows Studio Effects ensures you always look your best during virtual conferences. Background Blur Eye Contact Correction Automatic Framing ASUS 3DNR Blurs the background to protect your privacy while doing video conference call at home. Automatically detects your eye movements and adjusts your gaze so you appear to be looking directly at the camera. Automatically detects and follows your motion for a better webcam experience while you are moving around. ASUS 3D Noise Reduction (3DNR) Technology significantly upgrades the webcam image clarity for clearer conference calls. Conference calls with more possibilities Conference calls can be single-presenter or multi-presenter, gathered around a single laptop with voices coming from various directions. With the upgraded system enabled via the MyASUS app, it detects and optimizes audio from either one direction or from all directions — ensuring top conference call audio quality. Single presenter conference call Single-presenter conference call mode can filter out noise and other voices, and ensures only the voice in front of laptop can be heard. When you switch on the Target Speaker Tracking mode it can even target and track new talkers within a 180° arc, making the feature ideal for recording large groups as well as for individuals. Target Speaker Tracking Target Speaker Tracking Multi-presenter conference call Multi-presenter conference call mode filters out ambient noise whilst identifying multiple voices from all directions and distances, so all voices can be heard more clearly. Multi-presenter Mode Battery life beyond boundaries Experience enhanced laptop performance and reliability through our exclusive battery technology. It extends your battery’s life, increasing charging cycles from 1000 to 1200 in rigorous testing. This ensures your laptop serves you for an extended period, delivering long-lasting benefits.13 Battery health management Extend your battery life with customizable options through MyASUS Battery Health Management. This feature adjusts the charging behavior, keeping the battery at a healthy 80% charge until you’re ready to use it at full capacity. BATTERY CARE MODE EXTEND BATTERY LIFESPAN 0% INSTANT FULL CHARGE MODE STAY PRODUCTIVE 0% USB-C Easy Charge USB-C® Easy Charge support means your Zenbook DUO can be conveniently charged using a wide range of standard USB-C® chargers, including power banks. You can quickly charge it with any certified USB-C® Power Delivery (PD) charger within a voltage range of 5-20V, or easily charge it on the go using airline chargers, portable chargers, and more. Five reasons to choose ASUS OLED laptops 100% DCI-P3 best-in-class color gamut Vivid displays for precise creativity, color work and vibrant visual entertainment. 70% less harmful blue light With lower harmful blue-light levels, OLED offers better eye care and sleep quality. 120 Hz / 0.2 ms ultimate motion clarity Blur-free action scenes in movies and games, with ultra-smooth text scrolling. Clearer images at any brightness Rich colors are maintained even at low brightness levels. 1,000,000:1 high contrast ratio The deep blacks allow you to see previously unseen details in dark movie scenes. ASUS Lumina OLED Normal OLED Most LCD ‘ASUS Lumina OLED laptop displays’ vs. ‘Normal OLED laptop displays’ vs. ‘Most LCD laptop displays’ comparison chart ASUS Lumina OLED Normal OLED Most LCD COLOR GAMUT 100% DCI-P3 (133% sRGB)Delta E < 16 100% DCI-P3 (133% sRGB) 62.5% sRGB (45% NTSC) PANTONE® VALIDATED Yes depends depends REFRESH RATE Up to 120 Hz depends 60 Hz RESPONSE TIME 0.2 ms 0.2 ms 10 ms PEAK BRIGHTNESS HDR up to 500 nits depends 250 nits CONTRAST RATIO 1,000,000:1DisplayHDR™ True Black 500 certified 1,000,000:1 1,000:1 HARMFUL BLUE LIGHT 6.5% (70% reduction7)TUV certifiedFlicker-free dimming 6.5% (70% reduction) 21.5% COLOR DEPTH Up to 1.07 billion colors Up to 1.07 billion colors 16.7 million colors CUSTOMIZED MODES ASUS Splendid X X BURN IN PREVENTION ASUS OLED CareFree panel swap under warranty8 X X POWER SAVING OLED power saving depends X PANEL PROTECTION Thermal design protectionUS military-grade test depends X World-leading motion clarity with up to 120 Hz Premium ASUS Lumina OLED displays with 120 Hz refresh rate and 0.2 ms pixel response time are incredibly smooth and clear. In fact, the 120 Hz / 0.2 ms OLED display is faster than a 165 Hz / 3 ms LCD IPS display — because it reduces ghosting to an indiscernible level. Simply put, this means even fast-moving visuals are smoother and clearer than ever. 144 Hz / 12.5 ms LCD 165 Hz / 3 ms LCD 120 Hz / 0.2 ms OLED ASUS Splendid, Customizable color gamut for every need With integrated ASUS Splendid software, the color gamut can be quickly and easily switched to suit various tasks or preferences. Choose between the ultravivid native color setting, sRGB for web content or browsing, DCI-P3 for cinema content, or Display P3 for extraordinary real-world color. sRGB Web content-creation standard DCI-P3 Cinema color standard Display-P3 Movie-grade colors adjusted to fit everyday viewing Native Original OLED colors Perfect brightness and color tone, anywhere Whether you’re in bright sunshine or a dim room, auto-brightness works behind the scenes to show your images at their best — providing more comfort for your eyes and maximizing battery life. Auto-brightness Background brightness adjustment slider 50% Ultra-durable touchscreen with Corning® Gorilla® Glass Corning® Gorilla® Glass NBT™ is strictly tested9 and is proven to be more durable than ever. The retained strength and scratch resistance of the glass surface are significantly superior to traditional soda-lime glass, so it’s more resistant to swipes, taps and stylus use. 6x more retained strength 6x more scratch-resistance Soda-lime glass (1 Newton force applied) Corning® Gorilla® Glass NBT™ (6 Newton force applied) Soda-lime glass (6x Visible scratch surface) Corning® Gorilla® Glass NBT™ Multi-link operation Switch automatically Your ASUS Zenbook DUO features Wi-Fi 7 technology that can switch automatically to the strongest Wi-Fi signal15. And paired with the Smart Connection feature in MyASUS, your laptop will link to the Wi-Fi 7 router with the most stable signal, so you’ll always have the best possible connection. Multi-RU and Preamble Puncturing Efficient bandwidth Multi-Resource Unit The more the faster Wi-Fi 7 uses network resources more efficiently by sharing idle resources with the devices that need them most. This solves a problem in Wi-Fi 6, where only one device could use one resource at a time. It means faster downloads, smoother online gaming, and more room for creativity. Wi-Fi 7 User 1 User 2 Resource units can be allocated based on demand. Wi-Fi 6 User 1 Not Use User 2 Each user can share only one resource unit. Preamble Puncturing Pass through the interference Want to speed things up? Wi-Fi 7 can minimize the effects of interference by disabling the affected frequency bands. You’ll experience fast, uninterrupted connectivity without being slowed down by interference. Wi-Fi 7 Partially passed, efficiency utilized. Wi-Fi 6 Fully blocked, resources wasted. Close hidden (0) (0) Laptops For Home ASUS Zenbook Laptops ASUS Zenbook DUO (2024) UX8406 Shop and Learn Mobile / Handhelds Accessories Gaming Handhelds Laptops For Home For Work For Creators For Students For Gaming Software Technology / Innovations AI PC Copilot+ PC Warranty Displays / Desktops Monitors Projectors All-in-One PCs Tower PCs Gaming Tower PCs NUCs Mini PCs Workstations Software Warranty Motherboards / Components Motherboards Single Board Computer Gaming Case Cooling Graphics Cards Power Supply Units Sound Cards Optical Drives Data Storage Networking / IoT WiFi 7 WiFi 6 WiFi Routers Whole Home Mesh WiFi System Range Extenders Wireless & Wired Adapters AIoT & Industrial Solution Business WiFi Solutions Servers Accessories Keyboards Mice and Mouse Pads Headsets and Audio Streaming Kit Apparel, Bags and Gear Adapters and Chargers Docks, Dongles and Cable Stylus Controller Canada / English ©ASUSTeK Computer Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Notice Privacy Policy